
----------
D0
----------
S1 claims that the defense of marriage act is not unconstitutional.
The supreme court has yet to rule on sam-sex marriage.
President Obama should be impeached for his behaviors in office. 
He further suggests that proponents of same-sex marriage should be educated or deported. 
He then presents a quote from the Bible to justify why homosexuality is wrong. 
S2 argues that there is nothing wrong with homosexuals.
Homosexuals are actually an important part of the country. 
He cites his own ability as a railway conductor.
He suggests that it would be difficult to find someone to replace him if he were deported for being a homosexual. 
He also argues that the laws of America are not based on any religious texts.


----------
D1
----------
S1 cites bible verse to S2 in order to support his argument that homosexuality is depraved.  
S2 argues that homosexuals are productive members of society.
S2 cites his career as a conductor with a railroad.
S2 notes his rights generally as an American citizen.  
S1 calls Obabma a little cretin.
S1 thinks Obama and Holder should be impeached.  
He warns S2 that he is going to hell.
S1 purports to cite lines 26 - 28 from Romans Chapter one.  
S2 suggests that S1 is a reactionary who would bring back a McCarthy era.  
He also notes the bible is not an official text relating to the laws of the United States.
S1's views are unproductive.
S1's views only foment discord.


----------
D2
----------
Two people are discussing marriage laws.  
S1 states that DOMA is not unconstitutional.
S1 believes that Obama should be impeached.
The pro gay supporters should be educated or deported.  
He then quotes Romans chapter 1.
Chapter 1 states that God gave man over to shameful lusts and to a depraved mind.  
S2 rebuts by stating that gay people are the life blood of the Country.
His rights as an American Citizen are not dictated by the Bible or any holy book.  
He states that S1 seeks to impose a Christian state.
A Christian state does nothing positive.
A Christian sate does not empower American Citizens.


----------
D3
----------
S1 said that DOMA isn't unconstitutional.
SCOTUS has not ruled on same-sex marriage.
 Obama, Holder, and others should be impeached for not heeding the wishes of the majority. 
 He said that those who are gay should be deported. 
 He quoted scriptures, Romans.
He said that S2 was lost.
S2 is heading to hell.
S2 expressed his belief that gays are needed by the US.
S2 stated that gays are hard-working and outstanding. 
He said he aced his Conductor's promotion.
If he was deported the Bibles S1 loves so much would not ever get delivered on those box cars. 
He then said that S1s views are unproductive for the American people.
Most people would like to shake their fists at S1.


----------
D4
----------
S1 does not believe that the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court has not ruled on it stating that it is. 
He or she believes that public officials should be removed from office.
Public officials make up their own laws that ignore what has been passed by the mass majority.
Homosexual individuals should be educated or deported. 
S2 believes that homosexuals are hard working, dedicated and talented people.
Homosexuals serve to sustain the country just as much as anyone else. 
This person does not believe that their rights are dictated by the Bible or any religious texts.
Those who wish to enforce their beliefs on others invite a dangerous idea of a police state upon the country.

