
----------
D0
----------
S1 claims that the debate over same-sex marriage has nothing to do with marriage equality.
Allowing homosexuals to marry would require redefining the meaning of marriage which is unacceptable. 
He argues that marriage is an institution.
Marriage was created to be a union between a man and a woman with the intention of creating children as part of stable nuclear families. 
He also suggests that homosexuals are abnormal.
Homosexuals are trying to convince themselves that they are normal by changing the law to allow themselves to get married. 
S2 claims that redefining marriage might not be a bad idea.
S2 claims that preventing a homosexual from marrying the person of their choice is discrimination. 
He also suggests that S1's opinions do not match reality.


----------
D1
----------
S1 maintains a fundamental view of marriage.
Marriage is between a man and a woman and as having been created to have children in a stable environment.  
S1 believes gay marriage would change the very nature of the marriage relationship.
Marriage would merely provide gay men the ability to wear wedding rings.
Marriage would also delude gay men that they are normal married people.
He concedes the latter part is only his opinion.  
S2 argues that excluding gays from being able to marry the person of their choice is discrimination.  
S1 argues that discrimination and equality are inappropriate terms.
The very concept of marriage excludes homosexuals.  
He regrets that more gay posters in the forum do not agree with him on the point.


----------
D2
----------
Two people are discussing gay marriage.  
S1 states that it has nothing to do with marriage equality.
Gay marriage is an attempt to redefine the meaning of marriage.  
He wishes that the gay posters would be honest.
Gay posters should not use words such as equality and discrimination where they don't apply.
Marriage is an institution created to be a union between man and woman that leads to the creation of children.  
He states that marriage has nothing to do with two people giving each other a wedding ring.  
S2 retorts by questioning how it is not discrimination if he can't marry the person of his choice but a heterosexual can. 
He also states that Las Vegas itself refutes S1's arguments.


----------
D3
----------
S1 states that allowing gays to marry redefines the meaning of the word marriage.
Marriage was created to be union between a man and a woman that leads to child rearing within " a stable nuclear family". 
He further said this has nothing to do with gays. 
It has nothing to do with guys giving each other rings.
Gays kid themselves that they are "normal like straight people. "
S2  questioned S1 asking him why he believes that that redefining marriage is a bad thing. 
He then said that if he cannot marry who he wants but a straight person can.
It is discrimination. 
He said that he could not define it as anything else. 
He said S1 was never in Los Vegas.


----------
D4
----------
S1 does not believe the argument has to do with marriage equality.
The argument has everything to do with redefining the very meaning of marriage to allow homosexuals to marry. 
This person does not believe that equality and discrimination are valid opinions in support of homosexual marriage. 
They believe that marriage was instituted for the purpose of a stable nuclear family to procreate.
Homosexuals have no place in such an institution. 
This person does not believe homosexuals to be normal.
This person believes that heterosexuality is normal.
S2 argues that it is, in fact, discrimination.
They cannot marry the person of their choice, but a heterosexual person can. 
This person does not believe that this is equality.
It is not fair to them.

