
----------
D0
----------
S1 accuses S2 of lying.
S1 and calls him a racist sodomite.  
S2 retorts that he is not a Sodomite.
S2 is a Houstonian.  
He was married to a black man in 2003.
He recommends that S1 obtain a remedial education in the use of the English language.  
S1 repeatedly chastises S2 and his husband for living in sin.
S2 and his husband need to repent.  
S2 states that he does not listen to people who preach like that.
S2 challenges S1 to call to mind her own sins for which repentance would be appropriate.  
S1 says that S2 and his husband are going to hell.  
S2 replies he does not believe it.
He suggests S1 preach to someone stupid enough to believe her.


----------
D1
----------
Two people are in an argument.  
S1 states that S2 is an unrepentant, racist Sodomite.
S2 would hop on to any gay sex proposal.  
He denies that S2 has a husband.
He says that they are both living in sin.
They need to repent of their illicit sexual activity.  
S2 retorts by stating that he has a husband with the documents to prove it.
He was married in a mass ceremony witnessed by hundreds in a local MCCR Church.  
He states that he doesn't accept gay sex proposals except from his husband.
He's not a Sodomite since he lives in Houston.  
He also claims that S1 needs to repent of his judgements.
His judgement is a sin.


----------
D2
----------
S1 and S2 are having a heated discussion regarding gay marriage.  
S1 believes those who are gay and practice gay intercourse are sodomites.
Those who are gay and practice gay intercourse should repent for their sins.
S1 refers to S2 as a racist.  
S2 professes he is not only married to a man.
His husband is also not white.
He should not be referred to as a racist.  
S1 does not feel S2 and his husband are married.
S1 advises they are living in sin.
S2 and his husband should repent.  
S2 advises his marriage was legally carried out in a church.
S2 questions S1's need for repentance due to his judgment.
S1 needs repentance due to his refusal to accept S2 and others like.  
S1 feels S2 cannot be saved.


----------
D3
----------
S1 calls S2 unrepentant, racist and a sodomite. 
She furthermore adds that the other woman is without a husband.
The other woman is living in sin. 
She declares that hell awaits her and her illicit husband.
S2 is too stupid to be saved.
S2 argues that she has in fact been married for the last ten years.
She doesn't accept any gay sex proposals unless it's from her white husband. 
She adds that S1 needs to go back to English class.
S1 needs to brush up on her vocabulary. 
She declares that she has documents to prove she is married. 
She then tells her to preach that mess to somebody stupid enough to actually listen to that. 
She adds that S1 doesn't have the power to save anyone.


----------
D4
----------
S1 calls S2 a sodomite and racist. 
He rejects S1's husband as being his husband. 
He believes they are living in sin.
They need to repent. 
He thinks hell awaits them both. 
S2 states that he has been married for ten years.
His husband isn't white. 
He states that he never lived in Sodom.
He is from Houston. 
He states he has documents from his MCCR church ceremony that was witnessed by hundreds to prove his marriage. 
He believes that S1's judgement of him is itself a sin. 
He does not believe that homosexuality is a sin.
He rejects what S1 has to say on the subject. 
He states that if he does not believe it then it is not the truth.

