
----------
D0
----------
S1 suggests that homosexuals can choose to ignore their sexual impulses.
This is different than a person controlling their ethnicity. 
He claims that homosexuals do not have a choice about whether or not to engage in homosexual fornication.
Homosexuals would be sexually assaulting people. 
S2 suggests that homosexuals do not have a choice about who they are attracted to. 
He clarifies that he is referring to the lack of choice regarding sexual attraction. 
Being straight or gay is not a choice.
He is referring to the choice regarding whether to engage in homosexual acts. 
S2 responds to S1 claim that homosexuals should not engage in "illicit gay sex".
S2 asks if it is therefore appropriate for a homosexual to remain celibate their entire lives.


----------
D1
----------
S1 thinks that comparing homosexuals to black people is a bad argument.
Gay people make a choice to have gay sex.
This is different to people who are born black.
He considers gay sex to be a sin. 
He thinks if it is not a choice then we should be on guard at shopping malls and street corners. 
The implication is people could be attacked if is isn't a choice. 
He views gay sex as a violation of the word of God. 
S2 laughs at the idea of homosexuality being a choice.
S2 says that he does not have a choice in being attracted to either males or females. 
He talks about sexual attraction verses the actual sex act. 
He rejects the idea gay people should be celibate forever.


----------
D2
----------
S1 and S2 are discussing gay issues.  
S1 feels gay people make a choice to engage in sexual relations with members of the same sex.  
S2 supports being gay is not a choice someone can make.
Being gay is how an individual is born.  
S2 poses a question.
If what S1 says is true, then he/she must also believe that gay people can choose the gender of those they are sexually attracted to.  
S1 believes engaging in gay sex is a violation of God's word.
Gay sex is therefore a sin.  
S2 then asks S1 if he/she believes in support of hisher theory.
The theory that gay people should then be celibate forever.
Gay people should be celibate so as to not offend God and "his word."


----------
D3
----------
S1 states that a person may be born a certain color.
He should be able to control his or her sexual behavior.
A person should  not engage in "gay sex sin".
S1 stated that if homosexuals cannot control this behavior, then public places are unsafe.
He closed his comments by saying that homosexual sexual behavior is a choice.
Homosexual behavior is against God's word.
S2 pointed out that people who are gay were born that way.
They did and do not have a choice about their sexual orientation. 
They either like girls or or they like guys.
That it is the way it is.
He said that S1 believes that gay people should remain celibate all of their lives.
He doesn't approve of their behavior.


----------
D4
----------
Two people are discussing whether or not being gay is a choice.  
S1 contends that people can control their zippers to avoid sex.
This is in contrast to people born black.
He jokes that if gay people don't have a choice then S2 had to be on his guard in shopping malls.
He states that gay sex is in violation of the Word of God.  
S2 rebuts.
S2 states that gay people do not have a choice.
S2 refutes S1's joke.
S2 states that they are discussing sexuality, not action.  
He states that being gay or straight is something that happens.
Based on S1's logic gay people should stay celibate.
Simply because someone won't like what they do.

