
----------
D0
----------
Two subjects are discussing the issue of homosexuality versus religion.  
S1 believes homosexuality is a denial of religion.  
S2 believes everything written modernly in regard to religion is hearsay.
There were no eye witnesses to things such as the resurrection of the portrayed Christ.  
S1 feels believing as S2 does basically signs his entrance into Hell.  
S2 challenges the teachings of the Bible which S1 continuously clings to.
Those who profess to be Christians would also fall to Hell for violation.  
S1 feels S2 is a sodomite.
S2 should repent.  
S2 feels S1 clings to religion as a basis for his belief.
He is unable to offer substantial proof.


----------
D1
----------
S1 attacked S1's lack of belief in the resurrection of Jesus. 
He said that until S2 presents credible scholarship and good arguments he is nothing more than a Christ denier.
The good arguments burst the belief in the resurrection of Jesus.
He might as well go into the Pit. 
And of course since he is gay and is a Sodomite he would not go to heaven unless he repented. 
S2 called S1's reply lame.
S2 then proceeded to argue that there were no eyewitness accounts only hearsay, no evidence, etc.
S1 should be the one to come up with proof. 
He said Ezridden, that if the pit really existed then Ezridden would be there too.
The reason for being in the pit is of how he treats other people.


----------
D2
----------
S1 claims that it is necessary for S2 to provide credible arguments and scholarship refuting the resurrection of Christ to be taken seriously. 
He accuses S2 of being a left wing Christ denier.
He suggests that S2 will go to Hell unless he repents. 
S2 argues that the burden of proof should actually be on the people claiming the resurrection is true. 
He cites the fact that there are no eye witness accounts or other proof of the resurrection.
Scientific evidence suggests that it is highly improbable for a man to be revived after being dead for three days. 
He suggests an instance were the Bible is completely true.
Many self-professed Christians would also be condemned to Hell for their non-Christian behaviors.


----------
D3
----------
Two people are discussing Christianity.  
S2 contends that there is no eye witness accounts of any resurrection ever recorded.
Everything in the Gospels is hearsay.  
He states that not only is there no evidence.
Scientifically and logically no one can be dead for three days and get up and walk away.  
He also states that the burden of proof instead lies with those who believe in the resurrection.
Based on the way Christians life their lives they would ironically end up in the pit also.  
S1 states that it is all unfounded conjecture, full of left wing, antichrist dysentery.  
He challenges S2 to find credible arguments that bust the resurrection of Christ.


----------
D4
----------
S1 does not believe in Christianity.
S1 asks for proof of the resurrection of Christ. 
He thinks scientific evidence and human intelligence show that a man can't get up after being dead for three days. 
He sees no evidence of it being true.
He thinks it's all hearsay and fairy tales. 
Just because billions believe something it doesn't mean it is true. 
He believes faced with a lack of evidence Christians resort to name calling.
He feels if the pit were real they would both be in it. 
S2 believes that S1 is a anti-Christ that likes to wine. 
He does not agree with S1's opinions.
S2 thinks there will be no Sodomites, meaning homosexuals, in heaven. 
He thinks S1 will go to hell.

