
----------
D0
----------
S1 claims that the research demonstrating shorter lifespans for homosexuals has been discredited.
Even if research demonstrating shorter lifespans for homosexuals were true it would not make anti-gay discrimination acceptable. 
He rejects the analogy proposed by S2.
S2 proposes a hypothetical disease is contracted by a small population due to their chosen lifestyle.
He argues that homosexuality is not a disease. 
He explains that anyone is capable of contracting HIV.
The virus is spread by promiscuity and drug use.
Contracting HIV is not exclusive to homosexuals. 
S2 reiterates his assertion that legalizing same-sex marriage affects the rest of the population financially. 
He then attacks S1's character.
He claims that the strength of his own position has caused S1 to deflect the obviously accurate assertion that S2 has proposed.


----------
D1
----------
S1 and S2 are discussing gay marriage.  
S1 is in favor of same sex marriage while S2 opposes.  
S2 seems to believe that the gay community is singularly responsible for the spread of HIV.
Because the gay community has spread HIV they should not be permitted to marry.  
S1 feels this is a way of saying homosexuality is a disease.
S1 does not feel that is the case.  
S1 wants scientific proof of the information S2 offers.
S1 does not feel Cameron is a viable source.  
S2 adheres to the opinion that allowing homosexuals to wed would effect the rest of society financially.  
S2 accuses S1 of chickening out because he/she does not want to answer the hypothetical question posed about HIV.


----------
D2
----------
S1 does not believe that any evidence coming from Cameron should not be viewed without suspicion.
Cameron has been kicked out of the legitimate scientific community.
Cameron has gotten in trouble with judges and scientists that publicly condemn him for misusing their research. 
They argue that even if the evidence were true, it does not legitimize anti-gay legislation or discrimination.
Being homosexual does not hurt anyone.
Homosexuality should not be counted as a disease. 
They believe that HIV can affect anyone, not just the homosexual community.
S2 believes that giving homosexuals rights and privileges affects everyone else financially. 
They believe that something should be done if a scientific study links a dangerous disease to the activities of a certain group of people.


----------
D3
----------
Two people are discussing gay rights.  
S1 challenges S2 to find real scientific evidence.
Anything coming from Cameron doesn't apply.
He has been kicked out and condemned publicly from the legitimate scientific community.  
He also states that homosexuality is not a disease.
HIV infects anyone.
Being gay does not put people at a greater risk.
Promiscuity and IV drug usage does put people at greater risk.  
S2 gives a hypothetical situation.
A minister of public health has proof that people with a certain lifestyle live shorter.
He questions what S1 will do in that situation.  
He also states that granting gays the rights and privileges of marriage affects everyone financially and negatively.


----------
D4
----------
S1 rejects the idea that homosexuality is a disease. 
He doubts the evidence by Cameron.
Cameron was kicked out of the legitimate scientific community.
Numerous scientists condemn Cameron for misuse of research. 
S1 states that HIV will affect anyone.
Being gay does not put one at greater risk.
Promiscuity and drug use does put one at greater risk. 
HIV is not exclusive to homosexuals. 
He believes the analogy of homosexuality as a disease is harmful. 
S2 gives a hypothetical situation.
A minister of public health has proof that part of a population has contracted a disease due to their lifestyle.
S2 questions what the proper response should be. 
S2 believes that granting gay marriage rights effects everyone else financially.

