
----------
D0
----------
S1 believes that the amount of homosexual encounters at rest stops is very high. 
Rest stops are closing down because of homosexual encounters. 
This person has not found a reasonable refutation of this fact in their eyes from any gay supporter. 
This person does not see any lack of moral character exhibited by people who are exercising their Constitutional Rights to deny the sanctity of marriage.
They believe these are immoral associations, by not allowing the definition of what they believe marriage to be to change.
S2 believes there is a lack of moral character in those who vote away other people's rights. 
They use Proposition 8 as an example of this. 
They compare the example of illicit public sexual acts in rest stops between homosexuals to heterosexual men.
Heterosexual men also make it public that they do the same with heterosexual women in public places. 
This person somewhat agrees with S1 that exercising Constitutional Rights isn't morally objectionable.
Using Constitutional rights as a platform to deny marriage rights to loving, committed homosexual couples is morally objectionable.


----------
D1
----------
S1 is focused on the sexual acts of gay men and places in which they happened.  
Within the text it is hard to pick out some of the issues he refers to in passing including HIV and voting.  
He is mostly focused on rest areas and glory holes.
S1 also assumes that S2 has never been in a long term relationship like he currently is with his wife of 31 years.  
He continues to make insulting comments towards gay men. He claims they are not directed towards gay men. They are for  S2.  
He refers to someone as a murdering drunk.
It is unclear who he is referring to.
S2 questions where S1 gets his information.
S2 has a hard time believing that gay men would open up to a man that he describes as "Mr. Anti Gay Conservative".  
He accuses him of being gay on the downlow.  
He brings up Pastor Ted Haggard twice, the second time mentioning meth in a comparison.  
He brings up "Prop H 8". 
The paranoia that surrounds homosexuality makes it easy for people to vote to lessen their rights.


----------
D2
----------
S1 argues that homosexuality is a disgusting habit. 
He uses certain sexual practices common in the gay community as evidence. 
Further, S1 argues that supporting gay rights shows the lack of moral character of supporters. 
S2 retorts that in fact opposing gay rights shows a lack of moral character. 
S2 accuses S1 of in fact being in denial of his own homosexuality. 
He bases this accusation on S1's knowledge of aforementioned sexual practices and familiarity with gay cultural practices.  
S1 argues that barring same sex marriage is an exercise of constitutional rights.
S1 has been happily committed to a heterosexual marriage for many years.  
S2 argues that gay marriage was denied to married, loving gay couples. 
Being married to a woman is no indicator of one's true sexual preference. 
S2 argues that S1's familiarity with gay practices points to him possibly being in denial or hiding his true sexual preference.  
S1's repeated mocking of S2, according to S2 does little to hide the evidence of S1's true nature or sexual preference.


----------
D3
----------
S2 and S1 have had numerous previous discussions about homosexuality and gay rights.
S2 is sarcastic towards S1. S2 suggests that despite his professed and vocal conservative stance he is actually a closet homosexual.
S1 is hiding that fact from his wife of 31 years.
This is based on the fact that S1 purports to know so much about what gays would think.
He obtained that information from his relations with other gays while engaged in secret homosexual relationships.  
In a similar dig, S1 suggests that S2 is a closet homosexual because he purports not to know about the gay community's frequent use of highway rest stops as places to hook up.  
S1 believes it is an exercise of moral character to use the political process to prevent marriage from becoming bastardized.  
S2 argues that recognition of loving committed gay marriage would not be bastardizing the institution of marriage.  
The two feel they have similar understandings of references to Ted Haggard and Sartre.
The two use the term gloryhole with a meaning that is not entirely clear from this dialog.


----------
D4
----------
S1 states that homosexual acts are very unappealing and immoral. 
S1 does not see any problem with denying the sanctity of marriage, to couples who engage in such behavior. 
He doubts whether S2 has ever had a lasting relationship.
He states that he has been faithfully married for 31 years. 
He feels that there is a large amount of deviant activities taking place throughout the gay community.
He cites glory holes in highway restrooms (of which he says that any gay man will talk about if asked).
  A restroom on the I-75 highway is being closed down due to gay encounters happening there.
   S2 feels that the sanctity of marriage has been denied to loving and committed couples due to americans paranoia over homosexuality.
   Those who vote away the rights of others lack moral character. 
   He doubts how S1 (as an outspoken,  straight and conservative man) would have came by his information.
   He states that S1 must hang out with a very sexually liberal gay crowd. 
   He states his own confusion as to why S1 has any interest in the private lives of homosexuals.
   He further questions whether S1's wife is aware of the interest.

