
----------
D0
----------
One man and one woman marriage is essential component to people's general welfare.
S1 argues that same sex marriage is not essential component to people's general welfare. 
S1 believes that society can survive without homosexual unions, polygamy and bestiality.
Society would not survive long without heterosexual marriage. 
S1 argues that S2 is simply disagreeing on where the legal line should be drawn for marriage.
Government has the right to impose a legal distinction somewhere.

S2 argues that homosexual couples and families all have the same basic needs, responsibilities to one another and society.
Heterosexual people have basic needs, responsibilities to one another and society. 
S2 believes that S1 is wrong.
S2 rebuts the idea that society could also survive without allowing many minorities the same rights as the majority. 


----------
D1
----------
Opposite-s sex marriage is the essential component of society.
S1 claims that same-sex marriage is not the essential component of society. 
He clarifies by suggesting that society can function without same-sex marriage.
Society can not function without opposite-sex marriage.
The reproductive element is involved in society. 
S1 redefines the argument to be whether the government has the right to decide which types of marriages it will recognize.
S1 suggests that the debate is just about where the line is drawn.

S2 claims that same-sex and opposite-sex families have the same needs and responsibilities within society.
S2 claims that S1 is correct that society could function without giving minorities the same rights as majority.
Not giving minorities the same rights is amoral.
There is no good reason to deny people the right of same-sex marriage.




----------
D2
----------
S1 thinks it doesn't matter if anyone is harmed by gay marriage.
Gay marriage is different than the basic structure. 
S1 thinks society could not survive without heterosexual marriage.
Society can survive without gay marriage.
S1 argues that the real issue is where to draw the lines on marriage laws. 
S2 argues that society could survive without many of the rights it has.
Argument that society can survive without gay marriage is really a way of discriminating against minorities.
That society can survive without gay marriage isn't an argument. 
S2 agrees the issue is where to draw the line.
You need reasons the line should be there.
There isn't a reason to draw the line for gay marriage.


----------
D3
----------
S1 believes S2's statements exclude gay couples from the term marriage.  
S1 feels the argument of society's survival is a way of saying it's alright to exclude a minority group.
Minority group is excluded from what is to be considered the social norm.
Homosexuals have been excluded from what is considered the social norm.



S2 believes whether or not gay marriage impacts the public's view of marriage, society could survive without it.
Society could not survive as a whole without heterosexual unions. 
Most people agree the government has a right to draw a line where marriage is concerned as in polygamy, incest, statutory.
It could be said the only valid argument is not that of inequality.
The only valid argument is of where the line should be drawn. 


----------
D4
----------
Two people are discussing the importance of gay marriage to society.  
S1 states that gay marriage is not an essential component to the welfare of society.  
S1 states that our society can survive without homosexual unions, polygamy and bestiality.
Without heterosexual marriage society would not survive long at all. 
S2 retorts that without heterosexual marriage society would not survive is not an argument.
Society could survive without giving many minorities the same rights as the majority. 
S1 states that the people through government has the right to draw the line on what is recognized as marriage.
The disagreement is to where that line is.  
S2 states that the real issue at hand is banning gay marriage.

