
----------
D0
----------
S1 asserts that any sexual activity between two men is deviant behavior.
Sexual activity between two men is not generally accepted as appropriate. 
He complains that homosexuals respond to criticism by implying that their opponent is a closet homosexual. 
He suggests that if homosexual males were allowed to adopt children, they would sodomize them. 
S2 claims that most people support equal rights for homosexuals.
Most people believe homosexuality is acceptable. 
She cites several people she knows to demonstrate that homosexuals are not bad people.
She claims that her son's gay father is a better father than her own heterosexual father. 
S1  claims that his approval of deviant sexual behavior should not be based on whether homosexuals are nice.
S1 rejects the assertion that most people accept homosexuality.


----------
D1
----------
S1 and S2 are discussing gay marriage.  
S1 opposes not only gay marriage but homosexual relationships in general.
S2 is in support of gay marriage and homosexual relationships. 
  
S1 believes sexual relations between two men is deviant sex.
S1 compares the legalization of same sex marriage to pedophilia.  
S2 advises she is a straight female who is, in fact, in support of gay marriage.
This is the answer to S1's theory that most people in society who are not gay do not support it.  
S2 also advises her son has a gay adoptive father who is a very good parent.  
S1 adheres to the opinion that those in support of gay unions are the minority.
Most people don't trust gays.  
S2 doesn't agree.


----------
D2
----------
S1 believes that two men having sexual intercourse with one another is a deviant act.
Two men having sexual intercourse is not approved by most people. 
They don't think that people trust the homosexual community.
Distrust for homosexuals has nothing to do with religious beliefs. 
They don't think that because some people are okay with homosexual activity that everyone needs to be.
S2 argues that most people do not care about the sex lives of other consenting adults.
People support equal rights for homosexuals as well as believe it is perfectly acceptable. 
They argue that denying that a child needs a loving parent to satiate one's own bigotry is wrong. 
They agree that there isn't wide support for the allowance of homosexuals to marry as much as general acceptance.


----------
D3
----------
Two people are discussing gay marriage rights.  
S1 contends that any sexual activity between two men is deviant sex.
S1 laughs at how when a gay person loses an argument they imply the objector is a closet homosexual.  
He also states that most people do not trust gays.  
S2 states that most people don't care about the sex lives of other adults.
Based on current states most people are for equal rights for gays save for marriage.  
She also lists numerous accounts of good gay people she knows.
Her son's adoptive father, who is a marvelous father, her aunt and lesbian best friend are good gay people. 
She states that people do trust gays.


----------
D4
----------
S1 states that when gays start to lose an argument they imply the other person is a closet homosexual. 
S1 thinks that most people do not trust homosexuals.
Homosexuals use people. 
He thinks just because someone is nice that is not a reason to allow them to marry or approve of deviant sex.
He considers gay sex to be deviant sex. 
S2 believes that while most people don't support gay marriage they do support equal rights.
Most people don't care about the sex lives of other adults. 
She gives examples of her son's adoptive father, friend, and aunt who are all loving parents and good friends. 
She rejects the idea that most people do not trust gay people.
She also rejects that gay people are using other people.

