QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RI7RLX7XGU3HK8ICC4DLB4RQAGES5	A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	1	S1 believes that AIDS is primarily a disease affecting homosexual men and that the safest prevention method is abstinence, and that , even though it does affect heterosexuals, the rise of AIDS victims in the straight community can be traced back to gay men. He states that even if a heterosexual person gets the disease, it's likely from a partner who had homosexual relations. 
S2 maintains that the origins of AIDS cannot be determined and that S1 is ignoring the documented rise in AIDS cases amongst straight people, mainly women. Further he believes that disease doesn't discriminate and it doesn't matter how a victim contracts the virus, even if it's through bad choice. Isolating certain groups for blame is scapegoating. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31UE78WJDSA6VPEVX012K1X9MZS7QO	AQVP5IH2S6WCB	1	S1 states that using a condom and having strictly heterosexual sex is no longer enough protection against the HIV virus. Proclaiming that sexual abstinence is the only way a Woman can be certain she will not sexually contract the HIV virus.  Women have predominantly become infected with the disease from a bisexual Male partner, who in turn, contracted it from partaking in high risk activities. Those activities include: IV drug use or sexual activity with a gay, bisexual or MSM partner.


S2 points out that statistically HIV is still a very “young” disease with much still remaining unknown and so much more to be learned about it. The numbers of infected Women has grown substantially over the years in which the data has been studied; now accounting for one third of the newly diagnosed cases. Admonishing that the main way Female’s contract the HIV virus, is from having Heterosexual sex with Men, those Men who happen to be infected. The gay community isn't opening the “floodgates” of disease because they choose to express their sexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30DEUK80J998QQYAUBCML3UM6LWTNZ	A2OCUOD3G1KKYE	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominately spread through the homosexual community and not "straight America". This writer believes that women get HIV by sleeping with bisexual men or drug addicts. This writer also expresses that HIV can be contracted through prisons by homosexual men.  

S2 states that we do not know where the original leak of HIV started. However, has cited that HIV is more common among women and sites facts listed on several webpages. This writer also does not see any information about women contracting HIV through having relations with bisexual men or a woman partnering with an MSM. This writer also makes a point that this disease is spread regardless of country, or sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3GL3C1DRX2Q0ZXIB1EDVMLSILEMOIT	A2FXDTO0WXXL8X	1	S1 believes that hiv/aids is related directly to male on male sexual activities which directly produced the origin of the disease. S2 believes that their is not enough evidence to suggest that this is a fact. S2 brings up that women also contract the disease by having unprotected sex with males. S1 then says that it is predominantly women who have sex with males who have contracted the disease by having sex with other males who were all ready infected with the disease, hence the HIV viruses affects mainly the homosexual community. S2 believes that one particular group of people should not be targeted and that "a victim of a disease is a victim of a disease". S2 also suggests that their is not enough scientific evidence to suggest that S1 has a valid point.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3FQ5D3M7DVVI85T8P4Q7F1CA4NES7Z	A21SF3IKIZB0VN	1	S2  argues HIV has become a mainstream disease. It is becoming prevalent in the heterosexual as well as the homosexual community. He points out HIV infection is on the rise among women. Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections and sexual contact accounts for 75% of the infections.  HIV is spread by men having sex with women.  Men and women who have sexual relations which result in HIV are responsible for their activity. Also, he points out it makes no difference where the disease started anymore. People must understand is that the virus is spreading among all groups of people and people must take precautions.
S1 argues that HIV is not a mainstream straight people's disease. Woman who contact HIV have sex with bisexual men and heterosexual drug addicts. They also share needles with HIV infected people.  The risk of women getting HIV from heterosexual men who are not drug addicts is small. HIV spread first in the gay community. Straight America acquired the disease later through contact with high risk partners.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	329BT0H5MFKQW3BWBCPG41DEO4SKC3	A2VCXE7GLHLIIS	1	S1 believes men having sex with other men is the predominant cause for the spread of HIV in America. S1 also believes that women mainly contract HIV by having sex with a man who previously had sex with an HIV-infected man or by being drug addicts that share needles with HIV-infected people.
S2 argues that the number of women infected with HIV is on the increase. S2 also contends that the spread of HIV is coming from men having sex with women, not just other men, and accuses S1 of blaming the gay community without looking at all the facts. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33NH9FQS9PIAL9HOPCOM3NYKDBL9R6	A31NTXMORC544U	1	S1 believes women getting HIV from heterosexual males is rare unless the hetero male is a drug user, it is usually bisexual males or males who engage predominantly in male on male sex. These bisexual or highly MSM males then have sex with heterosexual women, spreading HIV.
S2 contends that women who have gotten HIV from their male sexual partners have gotten it because they engaged in risky sexual practices and whether the male sexual partner had it from drugs, another female partner or a male partner is irrelevant. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3R13P4Q7QS6POIPWQ35WQEA2L2EQGD	AWXXS0OB94U4A	1	S1 believes that HIV is not a "straight" disease, due to the disease being spread by high risk partners classified as bisexual, gay, MSM, or a drug addict.  HIV is a disease predominantly spread by gay men. Women getting HIV from a hetero male is small, only occurring if the hetero male in question has used a dirty drug needle.  It is much more likely a women would get infected by a man who has, in the past, had homosexual relations with another man. Homosexual men were the “floodgate” that allowed drug to spread throughout society. 
S2 contends that the disease is young and difficult to truly classify. Women make up 1/3rd of new HIV cases.  HIV is being spread by men having sex with women, which is a distinctly heterosexual act.  If a man and woman have sex and the woman contracts HIV they are responsible for the spreading of the disease, not a homosexual man. Homosexuals are being used a scapegoat so that heterosexual sex won’t be held responsible for the spread of HIV. HIV is a virus that spreads among all groups of people so the original "floodgate" group of people does not really matter.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33J26335EPGC769ROH9D0NPNNAMCQP	ADUJUZANFOWKW	1	S2 thinks that the source of HIV infection in heterosexuals, and namely in women, is men who have sex with other men and drug addicts. He believes homosexuals to have been the primary source of HIV infection and points to bisexual men that contract HIV from a male and pass it to a female as the reason it spreads and that HIV can not be argued to be a straight disease.
S1 believes that it doesn't matter how a person became infected with the virus. It is still passed through heterosexual sex. If a woman gets HIV from a man it doesn't matter how the man got it because she contracted it through heterosexual sex. He believes that homosexuals are being used as a scapegoat rather than admitting the disease is passed via heterosexual contact without the use of a condom. He points out the number of African infections of heterosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N3MO7TM29HYO1BN75AFO7TAV1PYZD	AOZV6OVESPPHP	1	hai hdqjdfopa lqi0edqoeq uiq9duq90ri 89q7yerqlqk- u987ueqjdkqed 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HUDX75KYN5BXTOARV8DLQ8DWXKIAQ	ALEXYCNWZYR95	1	S1 believes that the widespread propagation of HIV takes place in the gay community.  Women are contracting HIV predominately by having sex with bisexual men, having sex with heterosexual drug addicts or sharing needles with HIV infected people.  Heterosexual relations aren't safe because of the bisexual men who have sex with a man with HIV and spread the disease to women.
S2 contends that the HIV virus still spreads among all groups of people, and there is no evidence that shows that a higher risk area for women involves partnering with a bisexual male.  Despite the source of the HIV virus, the fact remains that it still spreads by men having sex with women.  Making the distinction saying one particular group gets the disease only serves as scapegoating a particular group.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	338V31W7TJ6FF0F0JESEQQBQLKIW87	A2OPF4PZX1SWIK	1	S1 Claims that sex between two males means that they are at least bisexual. HIV and AIDS are transmitted mostly by bisexual men and IV drug users and are not "straight" diseases. The diseases originate in the gay community.
S2 Claims that HIV and AIDS are transmitted by men having sex with women and that S1 is scapegoating homosexuals. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3JZTEPA2N030IWUW74YLH41UDPJZEY	A2LE5XPQUAQYOO	1	S1 believes that HIV started with homosexual activity between men.  He believes that women who contract the disease do so by having sex with a man who had sex with another man.  His belief is that the floodgates of HIV opened up in the gay community and that heterosexuals only contract HIV through blood transfusions, needles or sex with high risk partners.  S2 believes that HIV/AIDS is not just caused and spread by homosexuals.  He states that it is being spread by men having sex with women.  The rate of AIDS infection of women has increased from 13.8%in 1992 to 20% in 2003.  He states that regardless of the origins of the disease the virus continues to spread among all groups of people.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3CH37Q2TEIW9O3BC8HSVMFN4RJ7R4S	A3P41XDMEM1QDB	1	S1 believes that the source of the HIV disease predominantly comes from when a man and a man have had sexual relations. S1 states that it is spread to women primarily when they have sexual relations with a man who had relations with another man with the disease or a high-risk partner, for example a junkie. He alludes that the disease has leaked out into heterosexual relations due to the existence of Bisexual males or MSM.
S2 argues that it doesn't make it a gay disease due to the fact that there are many cases that HIV is spread through sexual relations of two men. S2 is trying to explain the fact that it is really unknown where the disease originated from and that the two partners, man and woman or man and man or responsible for their actions and their decision to use protection or not. In the end, no matter where the disease came from, a victim is a victim and the disease doesn’t take priority based on a person’s sexual preference.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33PY4BAQKHFTTNB2A343PXPRBWLQTL	A1B0BKY85KVONA	1	S1 contends that the spread of HIV started within the gay community, and its continued spread happens because women today are having sex with men who have had sex with other men or are using drugs including needles. That the spread and continued spread of the disease happens within the gay community, not the straight community.
S2 argues that S1 is completely ignoring the fact that disease spread in Africa which is predominantly heterosexual from sex between men and women. That the spread of the disease can't be scapegoated to one community or another, that it continues to be propagated by women who have sex with men who are infected.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RHBL9Y9XPK22P2O1DLX2JSTA53TYS	A3FHUWCL8O2992	1	S1 Believes that HIV in the heterosexual community is a direct result of men having sex with other men, and even though there are other sources for the disease, it originated in the gay community. S1 also beleives that those who have sex with both men and women are making an openly bad choice in this partnering because they are puting others at a much higher risk.
S2 believes that there is no proof for where HIV originated, and even though it is found amongst those of homosexual orientation there is no reason to single that group out other than a personal dislike for the group.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N3MO7TM29HYO1BN75AFO7TAV1PZYE	A78NRS3RT3RDI	1	S1 believes HIV is directly caused by male same sex relationships citing information the CDC's statements advising the odds of a woman contracting HIV from a heterosexual male are significantly less than those of a woman who engages in sexual contact with a man who has engaged in sexual relations with another man.  Several inferences are made by S1 to the point of bisexual men spreading the disease as opposed to heterosexual couples, also advising HIV seems to be prominently spread only by women in cases of their having had sexual relationships with men who were either drug addicts or  bisexual. S1 refers to the gay community as having begun the HIV epidemic in America.

S2 adheres to the belief HIV is transferred more via women regardless of whether the relationship is heterosexual, lesbian in nature, or bisexual.  S2 advises the percentage of women living with HIV has increased annually since 1992.  While S2 does agree HIV is a continuing/growing problem they do not agree it was originated in the gay community and seems to take offense to S1's statement of such.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N01CUD7PHD9J6B86NMURMDZN1QXYE	A3L04CN6ZZ0FYR	1	S1 argues that HIV is predominantly caused by homosexuality. He cites the CDC with statistics showing that the risk of women getting HIV from hetero men is small, unless the men are drug addicts. He considers sex between men as an inherently dangerous practice. S1 argues that HIV isn’t a heterosexual disease. Men have already contracted the disease from having sex with men. S1 states that the origin of women contracting the disease is from having sex with a man who had sex with another man. 
S2 argues that women make up nearly one-third of new infections. He goes on to provide statistics showing the increasing percentage of women becoming new HIV cases. The disease is still spread by men having sex with women and that S1 has said nothing to disprove this fact. S2 states that regardless of homosexuality, the disease is still being spread between men and women. S2 accuses S1 of looking for a scapegoat to take the blame off heterosexual couples. S2 points out that HIV spread in Africa by heterosexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3IUAFL3FJITSPFTBPG5TACXRA7R0RL	A2WFPG3N02ZEMT	1	S1 believes that sexually transmitted diseases originate from men having sex with men and get passed onto women they have intercourse with, and that the risk of women contracting HIV from straight males are small, unless they are drug addicts. He argues that woman contracting HIV contract the disease by having sex with bisexual men, and that is it not a disease that originated from heterosexual individuals. He claims that HIV originated in the gay community and that "Straight America" acquired HIV through the gay community, through transfers of blood from needs or sex with a drug addict or MSM.
S2 provides sources to his belief that HIV is still a "young disease". He points out that women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections and that the disease is also being spread by men having sexual intercourse with women who have already contracted the disease. He also believes that the origin of HIV is unknown. Ultimately, S2 believes that HIV is simply a disease being contracted from both men and woman.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HGH2Q5AD6EA74YEKKI83R39T538RG	A3E8VLN0NNOYO9	1	S1 believes that HIV is primarily contracted from and spread through homosexual or bisexual men, and through the sharing of needles among infected people.  S1 argues that the prevalence of HIV in women is primarily due to the sexual habits of non-heterosexual men. S1 acknowledges that HIV does spread through heterosexual contact, but argues that the ultimate source of the disease is typically traced back to homosexual sex, which in turn has been passed on to heterosexuals through needle sharing and unsafe sex.  S1 believes that while no one is immune to HIV, the prevalence of HIV today is largely due to the gay community and their unsafe sexual practices.  

S2 believes HIV is primarily spread through heterosexual sex, citing the prevalence of HIV in women. S2 provides statistics claiming that the number of women infected with HIV in North America has increased steadily.  S2 refutes S1's assertion of HIV's homosexual origins, stating that it isn’t certain where HIV started. S2 argues that ultimately, it does not matter where or who AIDs started with; everyone is equally at risk.

