QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RI7RLX7XGU3HK8ICC4DLB4RQAGES5	A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	1	S1 believes that AIDS is primarily a disease affecting homosexual men and that the safest prevention method is abstinence, and that , even though it does affect heterosexuals, the rise of AIDS victims in the straight community can be traced back to gay men. He states that even if a heterosexual person gets the disease, it's likely from a partner who had homosexual relations. 
S2 maintains that the origins of AIDS cannot be determined and that S1 is ignoring the documented rise in AIDS cases amongst straight people, mainly women. Further he believes that disease doesn't discriminate and it doesn't matter how a victim contracts the virus, even if it's through bad choice. Isolating certain groups for blame is scapegoating. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31UE78WJDSA6VPEVX012K1X9MZS7QO	AQVP5IH2S6WCB	1	S1 states that using a condom and having strictly heterosexual sex is no longer enough protection against the HIV virus. Proclaiming that sexual abstinence is the only way a Woman can be certain she will not sexually contract the HIV virus.  Women have predominantly become infected with the disease from a bisexual Male partner, who in turn, contracted it from partaking in high risk activities. Those activities include: IV drug use or sexual activity with a gay, bisexual or MSM partner.


S2 points out that statistically HIV is still a very “young” disease with much still remaining unknown and so much more to be learned about it. The numbers of infected Women has grown substantially over the years in which the data has been studied; now accounting for one third of the newly diagnosed cases. Admonishing that the main way Female’s contract the HIV virus, is from having Heterosexual sex with Men, those Men who happen to be infected. The gay community isn't opening the “floodgates” of disease because they choose to express their sexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30DEUK80J998QQYAUBCML3UM6LWTNZ	A2OCUOD3G1KKYE	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominately spread through the homosexual community and not "straight America". This writer believes that women get HIV by sleeping with bisexual men or drug addicts. This writer also expresses that HIV can be contracted through prisons by homosexual men.  

S2 states that we do not know where the original leak of HIV started. However, has cited that HIV is more common among women and sites facts listed on several webpages. This writer also does not see any information about women contracting HIV through having relations with bisexual men or a woman partnering with an MSM. This writer also makes a point that this disease is spread regardless of country, or sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3GL3C1DRX2Q0ZXIB1EDVMLSILEMOIT	A2FXDTO0WXXL8X	1	S1 believes that hiv/aids is related directly to male on male sexual activities which directly produced the origin of the disease. S2 believes that their is not enough evidence to suggest that this is a fact. S2 brings up that women also contract the disease by having unprotected sex with males. S1 then says that it is predominantly women who have sex with males who have contracted the disease by having sex with other males who were all ready infected with the disease, hence the HIV viruses affects mainly the homosexual community. S2 believes that one particular group of people should not be targeted and that "a victim of a disease is a victim of a disease". S2 also suggests that their is not enough scientific evidence to suggest that S1 has a valid point.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3TL60K9B712SXTZNCNU2EF6OE04FG7	A2TJHKHM8T2SV3	1	S1 believes that women are at a low risk of getting HIV from having sexual contact with men who are not having sexual relations with other men. He points to male on male sexual relations as  the number one cause of the spread of HIV and believes that those who do this are either bisexual or homosexual. He acknowledges IV drugs and sexual relations in prison as causes of small amounts of HIV in the heterosexual community but believes that these are more easily dealt with than sexual relations between men.
S2 believes that many women are being infected with HIV through sexual contact with men who are not having sexual relations with other men. He also believes that the gay community is being scapegoated by speaker S1 because of S1's blame of that community for the illness. He pointed to Africa where the illness of HIV started with heterosexuals and declared that the disease targets people regardless of orientation or gender and that the gay community does not deserve to be blamed for it.
