QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RI7RLX7XGU3HK8ICC4DLB4RQAGES5	A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	1	S1 believes that AIDS is primarily a disease affecting homosexual men and that the safest prevention method is abstinence, and that , even though it does affect heterosexuals, the rise of AIDS victims in the straight community can be traced back to gay men. He states that even if a heterosexual person gets the disease, it's likely from a partner who had homosexual relations. 
S2 maintains that the origins of AIDS cannot be determined and that S1 is ignoring the documented rise in AIDS cases amongst straight people, mainly women. Further he believes that disease doesn't discriminate and it doesn't matter how a victim contracts the virus, even if it's through bad choice. Isolating certain groups for blame is scapegoating. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31UE78WJDSA6VPEVX012K1X9MZS7QO	AQVP5IH2S6WCB	1	S1 states that using a condom and having strictly heterosexual sex is no longer enough protection against the HIV virus. Proclaiming that sexual abstinence is the only way a Woman can be certain she will not sexually contract the HIV virus.  Women have predominantly become infected with the disease from a bisexual Male partner, who in turn, contracted it from partaking in high risk activities. Those activities include: IV drug use or sexual activity with a gay, bisexual or MSM partner.


S2 points out that statistically HIV is still a very “young” disease with much still remaining unknown and so much more to be learned about it. The numbers of infected Women has grown substantially over the years in which the data has been studied; now accounting for one third of the newly diagnosed cases. Admonishing that the main way Female’s contract the HIV virus, is from having Heterosexual sex with Men, those Men who happen to be infected. The gay community isn't opening the “floodgates” of disease because they choose to express their sexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30DEUK80J998QQYAUBCML3UM6LWTNZ	A2OCUOD3G1KKYE	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominately spread through the homosexual community and not "straight America". This writer believes that women get HIV by sleeping with bisexual men or drug addicts. This writer also expresses that HIV can be contracted through prisons by homosexual men.  

S2 states that we do not know where the original leak of HIV started. However, has cited that HIV is more common among women and sites facts listed on several webpages. This writer also does not see any information about women contracting HIV through having relations with bisexual men or a woman partnering with an MSM. This writer also makes a point that this disease is spread regardless of country, or sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3GL3C1DRX2Q0ZXIB1EDVMLSILEMOIT	A2FXDTO0WXXL8X	1	S1 believes that hiv/aids is related directly to male on male sexual activities which directly produced the origin of the disease. S2 believes that their is not enough evidence to suggest that this is a fact. S2 brings up that women also contract the disease by having unprotected sex with males. S1 then says that it is predominantly women who have sex with males who have contracted the disease by having sex with other males who were all ready infected with the disease, hence the HIV viruses affects mainly the homosexual community. S2 believes that one particular group of people should not be targeted and that "a victim of a disease is a victim of a disease". S2 also suggests that their is not enough scientific evidence to suggest that S1 has a valid point.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3FQ5D3M7DVVI85T8P4Q7F1CA4NES7Z	A21SF3IKIZB0VN	1	S2  argues HIV has become a mainstream disease. It is becoming prevalent in the heterosexual as well as the homosexual community. He points out HIV infection is on the rise among women. Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections and sexual contact accounts for 75% of the infections.  HIV is spread by men having sex with women.  Men and women who have sexual relations which result in HIV are responsible for their activity. Also, he points out it makes no difference where the disease started anymore. People must understand is that the virus is spreading among all groups of people and people must take precautions.
S1 argues that HIV is not a mainstream straight people's disease. Woman who contact HIV have sex with bisexual men and heterosexual drug addicts. They also share needles with HIV infected people.  The risk of women getting HIV from heterosexual men who are not drug addicts is small. HIV spread first in the gay community. Straight America acquired the disease later through contact with high risk partners.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	329BT0H5MFKQW3BWBCPG41DEO4SKC3	A2VCXE7GLHLIIS	1	S1 believes men having sex with other men is the predominant cause for the spread of HIV in America. S1 also believes that women mainly contract HIV by having sex with a man who previously had sex with an HIV-infected man or by being drug addicts that share needles with HIV-infected people.
S2 argues that the number of women infected with HIV is on the increase. S2 also contends that the spread of HIV is coming from men having sex with women, not just other men, and accuses S1 of blaming the gay community without looking at all the facts. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33NH9FQS9PIAL9HOPCOM3NYKDBL9R6	A31NTXMORC544U	1	S1 believes women getting HIV from heterosexual males is rare unless the hetero male is a drug user, it is usually bisexual males or males who engage predominantly in male on male sex. These bisexual or highly MSM males then have sex with heterosexual women, spreading HIV.
S2 contends that women who have gotten HIV from their male sexual partners have gotten it because they engaged in risky sexual practices and whether the male sexual partner had it from drugs, another female partner or a male partner is irrelevant. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33J26335EPGC769ROH9D0NPNNAMCQP	ADUJUZANFOWKW	1	S2 thinks that the source of HIV infection in heterosexuals, and namely in women, is men who have sex with other men and drug addicts. He believes homosexuals to have been the primary source of HIV infection and points to bisexual men that contract HIV from a male and pass it to a female as the reason it spreads and that HIV can not be argued to be a straight disease.
S1 believes that it doesn't matter how a person became infected with the virus. It is still passed through heterosexual sex. If a woman gets HIV from a man it doesn't matter how the man got it because she contracted it through heterosexual sex. He believes that homosexuals are being used as a scapegoat rather than admitting the disease is passed via heterosexual contact without the use of a condom. He points out the number of African infections of heterosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N3MO7TM29HYO1BN75AFO7TAV1PYZD	AOZV6OVESPPHP	1	hai hdqjdfopa lqi0edqoeq uiq9duq90ri 89q7yerqlqk- u987ueqjdkqed 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HUDX75KYN5BXTOARV8DLQ8DWXKIAQ	ALEXYCNWZYR95	1	S1 believes that the widespread propagation of HIV takes place in the gay community.  Women are contracting HIV predominately by having sex with bisexual men, having sex with heterosexual drug addicts or sharing needles with HIV infected people.  Heterosexual relations aren't safe because of the bisexual men who have sex with a man with HIV and spread the disease to women.
S2 contends that the HIV virus still spreads among all groups of people, and there is no evidence that shows that a higher risk area for women involves partnering with a bisexual male.  Despite the source of the HIV virus, the fact remains that it still spreads by men having sex with women.  Making the distinction saying one particular group gets the disease only serves as scapegoating a particular group.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	338V31W7TJ6FF0F0JESEQQBQLKIW87	A2OPF4PZX1SWIK	1	S1 Claims that sex between two males means that they are at least bisexual. HIV and AIDS are transmitted mostly by bisexual men and IV drug users and are not "straight" diseases. The diseases originate in the gay community.
S2 Claims that HIV and AIDS are transmitted by men having sex with women and that S1 is scapegoating homosexuals. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3JZTEPA2N030IWUW74YLH41UDPJZEY	A2LE5XPQUAQYOO	1	S1 believes that HIV started with homosexual activity between men.  He believes that women who contract the disease do so by having sex with a man who had sex with another man.  His belief is that the floodgates of HIV opened up in the gay community and that heterosexuals only contract HIV through blood transfusions, needles or sex with high risk partners.  S2 believes that HIV/AIDS is not just caused and spread by homosexuals.  He states that it is being spread by men having sex with women.  The rate of AIDS infection of women has increased from 13.8%in 1992 to 20% in 2003.  He states that regardless of the origins of the disease the virus continues to spread among all groups of people.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33PY4BAQKHFTTNB2A343PXPRBWLQTL	A1B0BKY85KVONA	1	S1 contends that the spread of HIV started within the gay community, and its continued spread happens because women today are having sex with men who have had sex with other men or are using drugs including needles. That the spread and continued spread of the disease happens within the gay community, not the straight community.
S2 argues that S1 is completely ignoring the fact that disease spread in Africa which is predominantly heterosexual from sex between men and women. That the spread of the disease can't be scapegoated to one community or another, that it continues to be propagated by women who have sex with men who are infected.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RHBL9Y9XPK22P2O1DLX2JSTA53TYS	A3FHUWCL8O2992	1	S1 Believes that HIV in the heterosexual community is a direct result of men having sex with other men, and even though there are other sources for the disease, it originated in the gay community. S1 also beleives that those who have sex with both men and women are making an openly bad choice in this partnering because they are puting others at a much higher risk.
S2 believes that there is no proof for where HIV originated, and even though it is found amongst those of homosexual orientation there is no reason to single that group out other than a personal dislike for the group.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HGH2Q5AD6EA74YEKKI83R39T538RG	A3E8VLN0NNOYO9	1	S1 believes that HIV is primarily contracted from and spread through homosexual or bisexual men, and through the sharing of needles among infected people.  S1 argues that the prevalence of HIV in women is primarily due to the sexual habits of non-heterosexual men. S1 acknowledges that HIV does spread through heterosexual contact, but argues that the ultimate source of the disease is typically traced back to homosexual sex, which in turn has been passed on to heterosexuals through needle sharing and unsafe sex.  S1 believes that while no one is immune to HIV, the prevalence of HIV today is largely due to the gay community and their unsafe sexual practices.  

S2 believes HIV is primarily spread through heterosexual sex, citing the prevalence of HIV in women. S2 provides statistics claiming that the number of women infected with HIV in North America has increased steadily.  S2 refutes S1's assertion of HIV's homosexual origins, stating that it isn’t certain where HIV started. S2 argues that ultimately, it does not matter where or who AIDs started with; everyone is equally at risk.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	36K5H6DD5IJW0RRC50D4R90FQXSY6M	A184KSHXEPLG9A	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV is greater among males and that the disease came about in the gay community. S1 believes that HIV is a disease that primarily affects homo or bisexual men and IV drug users and that women who contract the disease are more likely to contract it from having sex with men who are homo or bisexual or IV drug users than with heterosexual men.
S2 believes that in time, the rate of HIV infection in women will catch up to that of men and counters S1 by saying that sexual contact accounts for 75% of HIV infections in women. S2 believes that HIV is spread by heterosexual sex to a greater extent than S1 believes. S2 asserts that it’s uncertain how HIV came about and accuses S1 of scapegoating the gay community. S2 believes that it’s not as important where HIV started or among whom it’s primarily spread as is the fact that the disease exists and continues to spread and affect people. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3R8YOD9N8WYJ45A0YFA2BNW6WSIY88	A2OMIVDARWG1G9	1	S1 believes that HIV infections towards women were transfer by having sex with bisexual men who have had sex with infected men, by having sex with heterosexual men who have HIV, and by sharing needles with infected people; not straight America. Straight America has acquired HIV tangentially to the main cause, either through transfers of blood from needles or via sex with a high risk partner, which is drug addict. Also, if we trace the infection back to its origin; women acquired HIV by having sex with bisexual men.
S2 contends that women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections due to the fact that in 1992, women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS. And by the end of 2001 that percentage had increase 21%. Among women, sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections therefore the disease is being spread by men having sex with women. And, even though if the disease originated by men having sex with other men, now a days AIDS are contracted by men having sex with women.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3D48YW4QT0E8D5Z8JZ8IGI06JVLCCK	A2RDF2Y3SOUO18	1	S1:1 believes that women predominantly get HIV, if in the case that they are not drug addicts or junkies, from having sex with bisexual men. S1;1 also believes that abstaining from sex is the most effective way to prevent HIV from spreading. S2:1 believes that due to the age of the disease and the gestational period HIV has that we will see an increase in HIV in women, over the next decade or so - citing sources from the CDC and an AIDS specific website. The whole endeavor is attempting to prove the source of HIV and it's primary spread method throughout the world, being cited by S2:1/S2:3 as having primary involvement by bisexual men, having sex with women after contracting the disease by having sex with other men.  S2:3 believes that the others are running blind with this argument, attempting to find a scapegoat so that relations between men and women aren't to blame for the root cause of infection. S1:5 believes that the floodgates opened primarily within the gay community while S2:5 disagrees with the argument, stating victims are victims and viruses are viruses, they will spread to everyone regardless of where the disease may have originated.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DT7K0XP4GUXFIZENTWM9TEIYBFVLI	A3982POZ37Y12Y	1	Sp1 believes the spread of the HIV infection in women, originated from women having sex with gay or bisexual men as it was strongly believed to be true early in the epidemic, Sp1 Believes that this still hold true today, and that the widespread of HIV in America is as a whole is caused by the latter as through sexual contact with infected drugs addicts and non-sexual causes such as blood transfusions. 
Sp2 takes an objective approach by explaining that the diseases is not only being spread through, homosexual activity, inferring that the older beliefs of the spread of the infection will change by stating “give it some more time ... Women Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections”  based on CDC statistics, because the cause and the spread is not really proven. Sp2’s point is that the disease is still being spread through heterosexual contact, and that Sp1, is using biased reasoning as to why  the disease is being spread amongst heterosexual partners other than the fact the they did not practice safe sex

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	38892GQTH38M4IO4C6XQMUOMF464TK	A2EDWDYCGX53D7	1	S1 believes that gay sex is the precursor for the rising HIV cases in America, while S2 argues against that. S1 cites the CDC statistics for women getting HIV from bisexual males without giving exact numbers or sources. S2 cites specific statistics in relation to HIV statistics in women stating that, "Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections and in 1992, women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% . 6 Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . 7 http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women   Percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003" and gives links to the sources.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3YA3SGE6ONBQCP45V4LE0YO5QO5OBN	A24NNA9YH4ZIA0	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominantly spread through America by the gay community, and that heterosexual people acquired it tangentially. Bisexuals and MSMs contributed to the spread of this disease to heterosexual people. S1 bases this claim off of data from the CDC indicating that women getting HIV from hetero males is very small.

S2 does not believe it is reasonable to accuse a single group as a "scapegoat" for this spread of HIV and believes that the disease is still too young to know for sure how it originated or is spreading.  S2 disputes S1's data claims with her own data points indicating that women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections and 75% of the infections are from sexual contact. That fact would seemingly disprove S1's fact that the gay community spreads HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39O78AZTNS6ACLRKIXP7UTRNSGN2EW	A38LIPX6GHLI9X	1	S1 Argues the Bible makes claims of the world falling apart by destruction through earthquakes, AIDSs, famine and such.  Pointing out that everyone falls within a minority so it is best to support those groups. The constitution has been revised because the majority wanted it to change. Politics seems to be those voted in to network business deals by supporting this issue and not that issue. There are many issues to consider when exploring new marital rights the law will have to grow with the changes in society.  
S2 Points out the disasters that have occurred in direct reference with religious rights.  Worshiping a being that is ignoring some issues and focusing on others while believing this being exists is a stretch of the imagination to start. Exploring the religious beliefs that homosexuals are not worthy.   God’s love is supposed to be equal yet many religious groups would believe otherwise that Gods’s love is selective. Religious arguments used to settles polygamists vs. homosexuals implying one group is more worthy of God’s grace than the other is senseless.

S1 Believes that the risk of a women contracting HIV from hetero males is small per the CDC.  However that increases if the males are drug users. In real numbers women make up one third of new effected.  The wide spreading of the HIV virus did start in the gay community but it has moved onto the rest of the general community. Catching HIV typically involves having sex with someone infected; no sex is safe anymore this how many feel today. 
S2 Contends that many women are contracting HIV from hetero males, bisexual males, MSM’s and male drugs users. The argument that it is a straight decease is false it simply spreads more often from people having sexual relations. Omitting facts does not tell the true story. The detrimental effects the decease AIDS has had on Africa could it have been avoided if the floodgates had opened up in time? Implying that an individual that gets this disease has made a bad choice is unfair assessment. HIV is a virus that continues to spread amongst all people.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3SWUY8I8QPCRWVBR0M3UCIPRWBGDWV	ASBSFVA7H9OMU	1	S1 believes that HIV originated within the homosexual community, specifically, with gay men. He states that although women do contract the disease by having sex with men, this is predominately because they've had sex with bisexual men, with drug addicts, or by sharing needles with the HIV-infected. He insists that even heterosexual relations have become unsafe because of bisexual men, who contract the disease by having sex with men, and then go on to have sex with women.

S2 claims that it's impossible to determine if HIV originated with homosexuals because women are contracting the disease by sleeping with men. He insists that those naming homosexuals as the origin of HIV, do so because they want to find a scapegoat and homosexuals are an easy target. The number of women with HIV is rising and it’s not proven that only gay men infect women. He compares HIV, and its origin in the gay community, to AIDs’ origin in Africa, stating the origin of the disease is irrelevant, the virus spans among all groups of people.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VOY02QLJLANQ3DZUG2WQZGOPZ7UNV	A1S8DYWNS59XWB	1	S1 argues that females have a low risk of getting HIV from heterosexual males unless the man contracted HIV from sharing needles. S1 claims that women get HIV from men who have sex with other men.  Therefore, it is not a predominantly heterosexual STD. S2 counters that women make up a quarter of the disease holders in the USA and that heterosexual sex is spreading the disease to an increasing percentage of women. S1 asserts than men who have had sex with men must be involved to first spread the disease. S2 says that is uncertain and that heterosexual sex still has to be involved to spread the disease. S1 repeatedly asserts that gay and bisexual men started the disease and that it spread to straight people through their sexual contact with women and through needle sharing. S2 counters that who started it is not clear and not very relevant, because it is now a problem for many straight people either way. S2 also sees as S1 as blaming gay and bisexual men for HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VAMHTALYE5EXL9JYYX09SB8BWTGLG	A3959GYL1Z4EO0	1	S2 believes that HIV can not only be contracted through homosexual activity, but also through drug use, and heterosexual contact.  He claims that no one knows the real avenue from which HIV was introduced into society, therefore, one cannot point a finger at one particular method by which it has been spread over the years.  He also believes that as time passes women who partner with an MSM are going to become a higher risk in contracting the disease.
S1 has the opinion that HIV has been spread more rapidly throughout the years by means of more risky behavior; including homosexuality, bisexual behavior, and sharing needles among drug users.  He states that the number of HIV infected persons are higher in the gay communities and that it has spread amongst the heterosexual community due to bisexual contact and use of infected needles by drug users. This speaker does agree with arguer that women today in the the future may very well be at a greater risk of contracting the disease than women in the past.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39B5LKBLP6OLC5CJ364M4GZ1YMW9EU	APWU8U28G6U5B	1	S1 believes that HIV/AIDS is spread primarily through the gay male community and that women who have contracted the disease get it from having sex with men who have sex with men (MSM) or drug users who share contaminated needles.  S1 states that HIV/AIDES started and continues to be propagated within the gay community.  SI contends that hetero sexual sex has only become risky due to gay or bisexual men having sex with women, and the HIV/AIDS cannot be considered a “mainstream straight” disease.  
S2 contends that women are the fastest growing demographic for new infections of HIV, and women comprise 1/3 of new HIV/AIDS diagnoses.  S2 cites statistics about the rates of HIV/AIDES infections in women and asserts that none of these sources state that these women were infected by MSM.  S2 believe that HIV/AIDS is transmitted to women through an act of heterosexual sex, regardless of how the men became infected. S2 compares the beginning of HIV/AIDES in the USA to the beginning in Africa, where HIV/AIDES is largely spread through heterosexual sex.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WM370S6TCQ0MD13W35IDAVH0WN5Z6	A33QNGWZ2Q0E6U	1	S1 Believes that AIDS traces back to homosexual activity for all populations. S! states that data supports the fact that women do not contract AIDS from purely heterosexual men who are not IV drug users, former prisoners who acquired AIDS from having sex with other men in prison or had sex with women who had acquired AIDS from high risk male former partners. S1 traces all AIDS to men having sex with men as the origin of the disease. He labels the origin as the gay community and does not involve “straight America” in the widespread propagation of HIV.

S2 states that we do not know the origin of HIV. Now it is spread through heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, high risk partner, MSM or sharing of needles by drug addicts. S2 identifies HIV/AIDS as a disease and all who have it as victims of the disease. S2 supports this position with statistics citing the percentage increase of women with HIV from 2001 to 2003 from 20% to 25% and the heterosexual spread of HIV/AIDS in Africa. 

