QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RI7RLX7XGU3HK8ICC4DLB4RQAGES5	A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	1	S1 believes that AIDS is primarily a disease affecting homosexual men and that the safest prevention method is abstinence, and that , even though it does affect heterosexuals, the rise of AIDS victims in the straight community can be traced back to gay men. He states that even if a heterosexual person gets the disease, it's likely from a partner who had homosexual relations. 
S2 maintains that the origins of AIDS cannot be determined and that S1 is ignoring the documented rise in AIDS cases amongst straight people, mainly women. Further he believes that disease doesn't discriminate and it doesn't matter how a victim contracts the virus, even if it's through bad choice. Isolating certain groups for blame is scapegoating. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31UE78WJDSA6VPEVX012K1X9MZS7QO	AQVP5IH2S6WCB	1	S1 states that using a condom and having strictly heterosexual sex is no longer enough protection against the HIV virus. Proclaiming that sexual abstinence is the only way a Woman can be certain she will not sexually contract the HIV virus.  Women have predominantly become infected with the disease from a bisexual Male partner, who in turn, contracted it from partaking in high risk activities. Those activities include: IV drug use or sexual activity with a gay, bisexual or MSM partner.


S2 points out that statistically HIV is still a very “young” disease with much still remaining unknown and so much more to be learned about it. The numbers of infected Women has grown substantially over the years in which the data has been studied; now accounting for one third of the newly diagnosed cases. Admonishing that the main way Female’s contract the HIV virus, is from having Heterosexual sex with Men, those Men who happen to be infected. The gay community isn't opening the “floodgates” of disease because they choose to express their sexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30DEUK80J998QQYAUBCML3UM6LWTNZ	A2OCUOD3G1KKYE	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominately spread through the homosexual community and not "straight America". This writer believes that women get HIV by sleeping with bisexual men or drug addicts. This writer also expresses that HIV can be contracted through prisons by homosexual men.  

S2 states that we do not know where the original leak of HIV started. However, has cited that HIV is more common among women and sites facts listed on several webpages. This writer also does not see any information about women contracting HIV through having relations with bisexual men or a woman partnering with an MSM. This writer also makes a point that this disease is spread regardless of country, or sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3EKR9ZOLU9GY33R4YAYF95QXB1EMGJ	A344S2FHK3807G	1	S1 does not believe that HIV is a disease that is classified as being distinctly heterosexual. The foundation of the argument is based upon the belief that women only contracted HIV from men who had sexual relations with other infected men. This is based on the belief that HIV was first spread among homosexual communities, and then spread to heterosexual communities through drug use and relations between women and infected men.
S2 attempts to refute this by giving statistical examples and cited sources of women infected with HIV, and points out that none of them concretely confirm that the men these women had sexual relations with had sexual relations with other men who may have been infected. There is an attempt to point out that the exact origin of HIV has never been conclusively discovered, and states that attempts to pin it on the homosexual male community is simply to scapegoat a target group that people don't like. No evidence pins the origin of HIV to women partnering with men who have sex with men.
