QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RI7RLX7XGU3HK8ICC4DLB4RQAGES5	A2JWVE2I8JGFPN	1	S1 believes that AIDS is primarily a disease affecting homosexual men and that the safest prevention method is abstinence, and that , even though it does affect heterosexuals, the rise of AIDS victims in the straight community can be traced back to gay men. He states that even if a heterosexual person gets the disease, it's likely from a partner who had homosexual relations. 
S2 maintains that the origins of AIDS cannot be determined and that S1 is ignoring the documented rise in AIDS cases amongst straight people, mainly women. Further he believes that disease doesn't discriminate and it doesn't matter how a victim contracts the virus, even if it's through bad choice. Isolating certain groups for blame is scapegoating. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31UE78WJDSA6VPEVX012K1X9MZS7QO	AQVP5IH2S6WCB	1	S1 states that using a condom and having strictly heterosexual sex is no longer enough protection against the HIV virus. Proclaiming that sexual abstinence is the only way a Woman can be certain she will not sexually contract the HIV virus.  Women have predominantly become infected with the disease from a bisexual Male partner, who in turn, contracted it from partaking in high risk activities. Those activities include: IV drug use or sexual activity with a gay, bisexual or MSM partner.


S2 points out that statistically HIV is still a very “young” disease with much still remaining unknown and so much more to be learned about it. The numbers of infected Women has grown substantially over the years in which the data has been studied; now accounting for one third of the newly diagnosed cases. Admonishing that the main way Female’s contract the HIV virus, is from having Heterosexual sex with Men, those Men who happen to be infected. The gay community isn't opening the “floodgates” of disease because they choose to express their sexuality.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30DEUK80J998QQYAUBCML3UM6LWTNZ	A2OCUOD3G1KKYE	1	S1 believes that HIV was predominately spread through the homosexual community and not "straight America". This writer believes that women get HIV by sleeping with bisexual men or drug addicts. This writer also expresses that HIV can be contracted through prisons by homosexual men.  

S2 states that we do not know where the original leak of HIV started. However, has cited that HIV is more common among women and sites facts listed on several webpages. This writer also does not see any information about women contracting HIV through having relations with bisexual men or a woman partnering with an MSM. This writer also makes a point that this disease is spread regardless of country, or sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3J7HO55O01J0D2TRA98X6JDL9LF31L	AZEGNZID3JLOE	1	S1 contends that risk of acquiring human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is highest for male homosexual individuals.  He points out that statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that the risk of heterosexual women acquiring HIV through sex is small in comparison, and proposes that abstinence is the safest method to avoid acquisition of HIV.  S2 counters that women constitute nearly one-third of new HIV infections.  S1, in response, states that this fact is due to women acquiring HIV through sex with bisexual men or through use of intravenous drugs.  S2 questions the relevance of this, noting that the activity is the important factor rather than the people who engage in the activity.  He also notes the lack of proper safety measures, such as condoms, in cases of infection. S1 responds that the source of HIV infections is an important factor and should not be ignored in efforts to mitigate the spread of HIV.  S2 notes that the extent to which one group could be deemed the source of infection is subjective, and further states that such a fact is irrelevant.  He explains that the prevalence of HIV infections among male homosexual individuals has no apparent relation with the increased rate of HIV infection among women.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	383XCZ3N9M7HMHYYKW8XO0OS4F00LT	A2YQKN6MLZ5A6V	1	checkworker2
