QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33KN77X99QC62BGGZWWW90BDGKOK0E	A2L1NIJH0VRSYZ	1	S1 argues that HIV/AIDS is spread in heterosexual relationships mainly when women have sex with “high risk” partners- bisexual men and drug users. S1 is adamantly for this idea. They claim that the “floodgates” of HIV predominantly opened in the gay and drug using community. He analogizes that you wouldn’t look to find the cause of a pipe leak by looking at the end of the pipe. He claims that HIV has only spread to heterosexual America due to women having sex with bisexual men or drug using men. 

S2 contends that HIV is being spread to more women than men. It is argued that HIV is a young disease and that by the end of 2001, women accounted for 21% of people infected. The argument there is that since women are becoming more predominant victims of the disease, that it is impossible that it is a disease from the gay community. S2 is saying that it is irresponsible to only blame the gay community and not hold responsibility for heterosexual couples not using condoms, practicing safe-sex, or abstinence. 

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WOJ63FISDZZ45F36ULF9NCEAHQ6SL	A98XHW6B1VSSQ	1	S2 believes that HIV is being spread mostly by men  having sex with  women. He believes that more women are getting HIV every year. He states and gives information that he backs up by giving website addresses. He states that Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections. In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% .  Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women He also adds that the percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003. http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage He feels that a victim of a disease is just a victim of a disease that it is a virus that continues to spread among groups of people. There is no basis to one particular group making a bad choice only because they expressed their sexuality.  
S1 contends that although he has seen the facts on women he believes HIV is being spread to women by men having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkieswho have th HIV and the sharing of needles with HIV infected people . He believes that HIV is not a mainstream " straight " disease but rather a disease spread by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men.  He completely believes that  the floodgates for HIV opened up in the gay community.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39IVK15UY5ZJMJ81SYOEDJKVHEBFRA	A3LMR2U14QVYVN	1	S1 believes that the risk of women getting HIV from having sex with heterosexual males is small and relatively uncommon. S2'S counterargument is that many women are getting HIV from having sex is on the rise. S1 states that the sex is not occurring with heterosexual males, but bisexual ones; S2 says the issue at hand is that they are still getting the disease via intercourse. S1 contends that it wasn't straight people who brought the disease to America, but bisexuals who got the disease by having sex with a man, contracting the disease, and then having sex with a woman, though it is difficult to pin down a definitive cause. S1 states that the spread of HIV has become so prevalent that even heterosexual relationships are not safe. S2 states that they do not know where HIV originally started. S1 believes it began in the gay community. S2 accuses S1 of marginalizing the gay community for the disease, saying they are not wrong for simply expressing their sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RA8QYCQLAGSNPB0JRY4KU06Q04DDR	A18ZOLS2FGK8H7	1	S1 is arguing that women are at very low risk for contracting HIV/AIDS and generally only do so when they are having sex with bi-sexual men or using intravenous drugs.  S1 states that the data indicates that nearly all cases of female HIV can be traced back to bi-sexual partners or drug use. This is to make the larger argument that HIV is not a 'heterosexual' disease.
S2 Disagrees with S1's reading of the available data.  S1 Is arguing that HIV must be treated as a heterosexual disease and that it is irrelevant where it started.  There is a need to strongly encourage the use of protection (condoms) or abstinence among heterosexuals and that there is no data to support a continuing focus on bi-sexuals.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3ZQ7LK5GHGYMYMREL1LQEPBWNPBJIF	A38ZGWB47QTEY6	1	S1 Believes that heterosexual women are getting HIV from having sex with bisexual males and heterosexual junkies, and sharing needles with other drug addicts.  He believes that the risk of obtaining HIV from a heterosexual male is small unless that male is a drug addict.  The sharing of needles is the vehicle.  He believes that HIV originated only in the gay community and that the only safe method is use of a condom or abstention.  You cannot argue that this is a mainstream straight disease.
S2 Argues that it is still a young disease and gives the statistics for HIV in women beginning in 1992  up to 2003 with external links as proof.  He argues that it is a fact that men having sex with women is spreading this disease, and that this cannot be disapproved by any data.   He accuses the other of attempting to find a cause other than men having sex with women.  He states that the beginning of the disease, or the original leak has not been found yet, and that is is easy to blame MSMs for spreading the disease and that a virus is a virus, and what difference does it make who started it.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3TB8TYMS93R3BUZ1OBL5QY4UJ1ANAI	A3R0I1LP9DQIG1	1	S1 Believes that HIV and AIDS are considered a gay/ bisexual disease in the sense that many straight people do not have the disease, minus the junkies and those who sleep with bisexuals. Believes you can find the origin of AIDS in gay men.

S2 believes that the disease HIV and AIDS are not only a gay disease but straight people are just as equal to blame for the spreading of the disease. Believes that it is not just one particular group of people who are to point to for blame.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33BC2PE8CKTHR35D0Q8JSC79CG3WCO	A2DSQT79EPX7MY	1	S1 is trying to argue that the HIV disease origins from males having sexual intercourse with other males. They are contending that though it is not the main way to contract the disease, it counts for the majority of people who have it.
S2 is contending that the HIV virus can be contracted in other ways, such as men having sexual intercourse with females, and that not only men are afflicted by the disease.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3Q9S7UDY4TF3EFBE4QYXUN9PJGHAP7	A31LPSIQ9A7RWV	1	S1 states that HIV is predominately a homosexual disease.  The risk for women getting HIV from straight men is small, unless the men are drug addicts.  The disease is spread because of the prevalence of homosexuality in America and the gay community is to blame for the spread of HIV.  The only reason it spread to the straight community was because of high risk sex with a gay person or drug abuser.  The only safe way to avoid HIV is abstention from sex and avoiding risky drug use.  
S2 cites the study that says HIV is being spread by men having sex with women and it does not necessarily say anything about the man first having sex with another man.  S2 says that gay men should not be used as a scapegoat for the spread of HIV and that men having sex with women are equally responsible for the disease being spread.  It doesn't matter where it began or where it was more prevalent before, because it is being spread equally among all people groups.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XU4MSQUJ2IAVJTEZ9Q06IO4YSPOO3	A5GEGEMF57BHV	1	S1 believes that woman are contracting HIV by having sexual relations with bisexual partners. S1 also  believes these is caused by drug addicts sharing needles with HIV infected people. He claims that the source of the leak is found in the gay community. He states that the floodgates were opened in the gay community. S1 also states that woman are at a higher risk due to sexual interactions with homosexuals and that this disease started in the gay community and not straight America. S2 states that women make up one third of new HIV infections. He states that there is no way of knowing where the disease roots are and that there is no way of knowing if the gay community is at fault. S2 goes on by saying that it is a scapegoat to a certain group and its not just MSM. He concludes by stating that the floodgates are irrelevant and that a disease that spreads to all people , and that woman are not are higher risk by partnering with an MSM. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	36CJJZT9IJ85GXX4P2N3O2BXYIX1BQ	AZZRIXMY4HN25	1	S1:1 starts by talking about how men who have sex with other men just means they're bi-sexual, and brings up facts about aids.
S2:1 then goes on about women and how they make up a good chunk of HIV infections with statistics, which is about one third. S2:2 brings up that bi men, hetero sexual junkies are the main reason why women get hiv. S3 talks about an example of a possible hetero couple that end up blaming each other for having sex that led to HIV which ends it to aids. S14 talks about women having relations with men in the gay community and how it affects others. S24 talks about the mysterious leak of HIV and where it could have come from. S15 Agrees with the statement, but brings up terms that are related in its defense. Finally ending with S2:5 who argues about the victims of the disease and how we don't relate Africa in the same way of thinking with HIV, versus male to male or bisexual sex with another male.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	36EUTQWOVEU1674LL77HZXAM8J2TAV	A1PDN05GPB6OFB	1	S1 believes that the "men who have sex with men" issue in the HIV community means HIV is either a disease affecting non-heterosexuals or drug users. They claim HIV spread through "MSM" relationships and then spread to the heterosexual community by route of high-risk sex.

S2 disagrees with S1, saying women are also being infected with HIV. Although they agree HIV is spread through "MSM" contact and drug use, they say the role of heterosexual relationships cannot be dismissed. They also claim that it does not matter where the virus originated, only that it is spreading rapidly.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3R8BQ0ZBGUK1T5QFZU1NWD9YJRE1Y4	A3MZ8TU5GA7PWW	1	s1 Believes HIV is being spread by gay or bisexual men. Its men making bad choices and then having sex with woman which is making the disease more prevalent.

s2 believes the disease is being spread by sexual contact without using proper protection.  It is important who passed the disease to who.  Its more important that the disease is spreading and there is not one particular group to point a finger at.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	32MMXEGDW2WYVUVO3YE9JSZX1391DX	A27BUT19WQ6P1O	1	S1 asserts that men who have sex with men regardless of the definition given of their sexuality according to the CDC are most responsible for propagating the HIV virus. S1 further states that straight America was not responsible for the spread of the HIV virus but rather tangentially exposed to the disease from various high risk activity, mainly involving drug addicts or men who have sex with other men. S1 maintains that the exposure of straight America stemmed from high risk choices of men who have sex with other men.
S2 counters with trending data that points to a rise of HIV infections in women. S2 explicitly states that the disease is being spread by men having sex with women.  S2 states that regardless of the origin of the disease heterosexual couples are just as culpable for their own high risk activites. S2 contends that the exact origin of the disease isn't the crux of the argument. S2 concludes that the contraction and spread of the disease isn't isolated to one group or their chosen expression of sexuality, but rather an encompassing array of high risk behavior.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3CP6EPSLCT86XPUYWTCKZFIPU5KFHK	A1AG4Y63Y72CXS	1	S1 believes that HIV spreads predominantly through male homosexual sex. He says that women contract the disease when they have sex with an HIV-positive, bisexual man, or a male drug user who contracted HIV through shared needles. He believes that the straight community is only at risk because HIV has spread through the male gay and bisexual communities. He says the only way to truly be safe from the disease is abstinence.
S2 shows that women-women sexual relationships make up a significant portion of new HIV infections. He says that heterosexual sex is also a common way the disease spreads. If all couples used condoms regardless of sexuality, the risk involved would be lessened. He believes that blaming one group in particular is wrong, and that it would not make a difference if heterosexuals were attributed to opening the "floodgates" instead of homosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33JCKZWARAIMMOH141ORTX3G0I69S7	A18BFGL1RIX31P	1	S1 states that when a male has sex with other males it does not automatically make them gay. And women are at low risk of attaining HIV from a heterosexual male. Males tend to only get STDs if they act in homosexual practices willingly or in a setting like prison. Women tend to get HIV only if they have sex with a bisexual male or a heterosexual junkie that contracted the disease from sharing needles with an infected junkie.  HIV is not mainly a disease that straight people traditionally get but because of disease spreading through the gay community to heterosexual people abstinence is the best way to prevent HIV even in straight couples. 

S2 informs that HIV cases in women in the early 90s made up of about 14% of people living with AIDS by the early 00s the percentage rate of women with AIDS increased to 21% and 75% of these cases where from general sexual contact. And men have also received HIV from having sex with women as well as other men. HIV can be contracted between heterosexual or homosexual interactions; having sex is not to blame for the disease spreading but the lack of protection is the cause of HIV spreading between heterosexual or homosexual couples. HIVs origins are unknown and it is not right to blame a community of people just because they are not liked for being the supplier of the disease. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3NKKNMXHECG8IGURSDTIV5NH586VRL	A163SMFEUA1S6Y	1	S1 argues that the spread of AIDS and HIV comes from men and the spread to women is small, based on CDC statistics. The disease spreads to women through having sex with bisexual men, sex with infected drug junkies and sharing of needles. He accuses S2 of deflecting the issue and blaming it on women. He states that the disease originated from men having sex with men and it spread to women by women having sex with infected males, that is started in the gay community and straight sex isn't safe anymore.

S2 argues that HIV or AIDS is being spread through women, that as the years go by, the amount spread by women increases. He states hetero sex is responsible for the spread of the disease, they don't know where it originated and either way, the disease is being spread, regardless of where it originated. He accuses S1 of blaming the spread of the disease on a group he doesn't like.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3J6GNKMWES7XTCE1CA65DJFUEB7AMC	A1TIR25FCHEDXI	1	S1:2 Believes that homosexual men are to blame for the spread of HIV. Furthermore, he explains that the spread of HIV from men to women is due to women who have sex with drug addicts, high-risk partners and MSM.  In other words, the reason why women are contracting HIV is because they are having sex with men who have had sex with other men, or men who use needles to inject themselves with drugs. 

S1:1 Refutes S1:2  by stating statistics that show that the HIV spread in women has increased during the last decade, and there is no data that supports the fact that this is only happening with women who have sex with bisexual men or MSM. Thus he/she believes that S1:2 is antagonizing gay men by simplifying the spread of HIV as simply the act of having sex. People expressing their sexuality in an unsafe way is what carries the disease on to another person, not if they are gay or not.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30RF7687ZZ7L2H0GND550QYD2SH58D	A1O4CV5PKWPUD0	1	s1 argues that MSMs are gay and are responsible for speading AIDS. s1 also states that the risk of getting HIV form a hetero  person is small and that the best prevention for HIV is abstention. s2 states many statistics from the CDC showing that the increase in HIV cases comes mostly from women being infected by men. s1 agrees with the statistics but says they are due to the fact that women are contracting the disease from bisexual men or drug addicts. s2 continues to state that HIV is spread by sex between hetero couples. s1 states that even though the increase in cases may be due to heterosexual sex, he says that you have to look a the origin of the disease to find out how it started. s1 says it started in the gay community and spread to the hetero community. s2 doesn't thing we know where AIDS started. s2 does not believe that it matters where it started, only that it is here now and is infecting both homosexual a well as heterosexual couples. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3P6G6CO2TA80BNB81XYSW2CKQEJVVE	A1GH8C4AAIHDQZ	1	S1 believes that male gay sex is a dangerous activity since it could result in an aids infection and insists aids is spread in this activity.  He suggests that women who contract aids have been intimate with bisexuals or are drug users.  Ultimately he does agree that women have also contracted aids but that it began with gay male sex.  He further concedes that women may also get aids through blood transfusions or unspecified ways.
S2 suggests that aids is not confined to men and provides statistics proving that women have also been infected with aids, including nearly 1/3 of aids patients being women.  Aids is spread by men having sex with women, he says.  It's unclear where aids began and suggests it's S1's bias against gays which makes him believe gay sex is where aids began.  Unspecified risks can threaten men as well as women.  The disease continues to spread among all groups of people, not only gay men.  Aids is not only due to men having gay sex, it can be contracted in many ways.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3OQN0LK721OZQ8L8B944RLY1X57IC5	A323B7TOX0H886	1	S1 argues that homosexual men/men who have sex with other men and drug users are the ones predominantly responsible for the spread of HIV. S1 also seems to be contending that the spread of HIV is because men choose to engage in gay sex and that the genesis of HIV is therefore a gay issue. S1 claims that most women who contract HIV only do so because of drug use or through sex with a bisexual (male) partner, and S1 thus considers women to be tangential to the argument.
S2 rebuts that we aren't aware of the ultimate source of HIV, and that it doesn't matter where the disease started, as HIV is being spread by heterosexual sex. S2 points out that S1's data only says women MAY contract HIV from a man who had sex with another man, not that this is the only, or even the predominant, way of contracting it. S2 points out that individuals are responsible for their own risk mitigation and that blaming any certain group for HIV doesn't help.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HFTCYTTES1OKMO4GLYIVN4O639CSR	A1HK7CR71C8BCA	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV is caused by unprotected sex and it is predominantly between homosexuals, at the very  least, bisexual. He notes that the CDC's data indicates that the chance of women being infected with HIV is small, and accuses the gay population of bias, he does not think that HIV is a "straight" peoples' disease. Everything comes down to a personal choice like protection during sex or sharing needles with male drug addicts. The spread of HIV among the women is mainly caused by "bad" choices they made and with whom they decide to have sex with. Women should carry responsibility for their activities. 
S2 argues that the whole situation started with man having unprotected sexual relationships with other men is not known. He denies that women acquire HIV through sex with men. He doesn't know the origin of HIV, but he contends that it is a risk factor what matters when you have sex with an infected partner, and that we can't entirely blame homosexuals for the increase in HIV. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39TB21EBT991YV0KVG36AKI0PLIZ1T	A9HQ3E0F2AGVO	1	S1 clarifies that males having sex with males only implies bisexual and not necessarily homosexual, and that the risk of a heterosexual man transmitting HIV to a women is small excluding drugs or dangerous practices. S2 argues that women are increasingly contracting HIV/AIDS. S1 continues to argue that many of these women are participating in dangerous activities, while S2 says simply that women CAN and ARE getting the disease from sleeping with a man. They both agree that the original leak is unknown, and that unprotected sex is unsafe. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	37JA9P57CXN0QY7UN5J7FM8HB85A00	A1HGH370WWDHKN	1	S1 Believes that HIV is not as dangerous to straight people and that most straight people who get this disease have either slept with a bi-sexual or use drugs injected by needles. They think that it is all traceable back to gay relations and needles. Although they agree that the disease is now spreadable through straight relations, they still argue that it is all the fault of homosexual relations and drugs no matter what the reason someone gets it now. 

S2 is stating facts that women make up about one-third of HIV infections. This speaker also lists some links to back up the statements he or she made. They are saying that everyone is high risk and able to catch the disease, and it seems to me that they want the other person to look at the issue at hand instead of playing the blame game. This speaker wants the other person to wake up and realize it is an issue to everyone. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3GPKJ82Q4ZM6TK5I2BU5ZRJ4UIZIFG	A1UQ4029LCS7	1	S1 says CDC statistics show that women are unlikely to get HIV from straight men as it is a gay man's disease. They say women only get HIV from bisexual men, drug addicts and sharing needles, and that it isn't a disease of straight America. They say that men who have sex with men opened the floodgates and allowed HIV into mainstream society.
S2 disagrees, quoting statistics that women make up 30% of new HIV infections and 25% of everyone with AIDS, and 75% contracted HIV through sex. They say it is the lack of a use of a condom that is spreading HIV, not the gay community, and that there's no reason to be using a group as a scapegoat.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3Q7RDGVSJ8NVZ9LRLHZCQF333SSGDC	A2TRPY3AI3QNU6	1	S1 believes that the primary cause of the spread of HIV is due to men who have sex with other men, and contends that even women primarily contract HIV through sex with bisexual men.

S2's rebuttal is that while some women may contract it through sex with bisexual men, its only a possibility and they also contract it through purely heterosexual relationships.  He also points out the rapid growth in HIV in women and accuses S1 of scapegoating bisexual and heterosexual men even when they aren't involved in a relationship where the virus spreads.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	32XKKBBMN6N8NOD5QH8EO0VSLFRAXW	A2O1JI2GO2STYL	1	S1 assumes that HIV is spread predominantly by men having sex with men, and that abstinence is the only safe preventing against HIV contraction. S2 provides sources and documentation indicating that women are increasingly accounting for new HIV infections through sex with men. S1 claims that these infections are due to women having sex with bisexual men, and does not provide sources for this claim. The argument continues over the origins for the spread of HIV, with S1 stating it is due to homosexuals and S2 stating that there’s no data proving so.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	377R07Z23F4F9HFMKWKFBU9DS7IZ7Q	A3PNDFOC2DVQJD	1	S1 argues that the rate of straight non-drug-abusing women who get HIV is low and that the spread of HIV is predominately in the community of non-heterosexual men. He states there are plenty of ways to prevent HIV infection, but none is as effective as abstinence. Women who are infected are typically in contact with non-heterosexual men or infected drug paraphernalia. S1 conceded that the widespread of the disease now means heterosexuals who have only had heterosexual partners are now at risk, but the disease became widespread in the homosexual community.
S2 says HIV is a young disease whose prevalence in women in increasing year over year; most of these women are encountering the disease from intercourse with men. Despite the origins of HIV, it is now spread between heterosexuals, including men and women who have only had intercourse with heterosexual partners. S2 argues that we do not know the origins of HIV and that homosexuals and MSM are scapegoats. The origin does not matter, since the spread of a virus doesn't equate to bad decision. S2 hasn't seen anything stating women are at higher risk or that a woman partnering with an MSM is at higher risk.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3NASUSY4XY6AVDTQXFQAC4OUI8FNN8	A1WCRV1WEWA63I	1	S1 states the CDC statistics show the risk of women getting HIV from straight males is small unless there's drugs involved and asserts that the spread of HIV came through the homosexual community, and that even heterosexual women got it through bisexual men, heterosexual men who share needles, and using shared needles.
S2 believes the spread of HIV and aids came mostly from heterosexual sexual intercourse because of data that shows women make up for one-third of new infections and that S1's data shows that women only may contact it from a man who's had sex with another man.  S2 also feels that S1 is using males who have sex with males as a scapegoat for the initial spread of HIV and AIDS.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33PY4BAQKHFTTNB2A343PXPRC1OTQ2	A3J0DNROE9H9QJ	1	S2 believes that HIV  is not just from men having sex with men.  The origin of HIV has really not been officially determined and to say it just come from the gay community is wrong.  Women get HIV from having sex with men. These men are not gay and still contracted HIV.  The CDC states that men that have sex with men are not gay just bisexual and this is not the same for strictly gay men.  Therefore the risk of HIV coming from bisexual males is not as much as strictly gay men. Women having sex with women accounts for 13.8 percent of people living with aids in 1992.
S1 is stating that if traced back HIV came from gay men.  Even if spread from bisexual, women having sex with women, women or men getting it from dirty needles one can find that is still originated from men having sex with men.  Just because women having sex with women get HIV or drug users get HIV or heterosexual partners get HIV still can be traced back to men having sex with men.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3C8OJM79E4EC7K1DDV0NHCJGVX0GIE	A25ZADCJI3D5AF	1	1.	Its similar to Mary getting a disease from a parnter John , and John and Mary blaming the person and the activity which gave him the disease , saying that he Mary and their activity isnt really to blame , just because they contracted the disease from John and Marys activity .
2.	If you dig a bit deeper , you find that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people .
3.	The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ... The CDC also cites women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks , as risky for women .
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3PFVAQHPP2AFT5YAO6YSQM616V2W99	A20CFGIV5QZVN8	1	S1 Firmly believes that males having sex with males is the primary source of HIV infections, and rarely (if ever) happens to or from heterosexual males. Bisexual males are the main type of males that females contract HIV from, not straight males is his continual point. The person continues to claim that the origins of HIV stem from male-on-male sexual encounters, and women who get HIV had sex with a bisexual male.

S2 argues this point, claiming it's a young disease that has no sexual orientation bias. Men having sex with women spreads the disease, just as any other sexual encounter would. S2 admits to nobody knowing the exact source of HIV, therefore everyone is equally at risk no matter their sexual orientation.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XNV0RN8PGSFNTS7QGXBHQ60DNID4L	A3DTN2OMF6DUSI	1	S1 believes men who have sex with men (MSM) are never totally heterosexual, unless it was because they were in prison. They also believe that HIV started flooding into heterosexual relations due to the homosexual practices of bisexual males. They argue that HIV is not a mainstream, straight disease. S1 further explains that when you look for a leak, you do not look at the end of the pipe, thereby meaning that it is not the activity of a man and a woman that causes the flood of HIV but instead the relations with two men that passed it on.
S2 believes that HIV is an everybody disease. They argue that it's a young disease and that women are making up nearly a third of new HIV infections. They site sources for infections in North America, which S1 says they already know. S2 further states that a heterosexual partnership is just as guilty of the spread of HIV as the homosexual couple. S2 also mentions that where a disease starts is not as big of a problem as the disease itself because it will spread regardless.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VA9LCWREIROUFPNRSYK0ISC9TXWF1	AA1YTHZEP6WMK	1	S1 believes that the primary causes of HIV spread is by homosexual men and those using unsafe drugs. He does admit that men do spread it to women, but downplays the amount and significance of this fact.
S2 tries to convey the fact that the spread of HIV to women is increasing rapdily. She mentions that sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections. She tries to convince S1 that this is not just an issue of sexual intercourse between men, but that it is effecting everybody.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3O1BK77YPE1T9GF1CF9Z10HIKTC8J2	A1MYLQQL8BBOYT	1	S1 argues that HIV is primarily a gay disease, or at least one that is spread as the result of living a perceived aberrant lifestyle, whether as a member of the gay community or a drug user.  S1 claims that HIV spreads to women primarily through sexual contact with men who had sex with an HIV-infected male partner. Bisexual men, men who have sex with men (MSM) and gay men are so identified and considered culpable. S2 contends that, regardless of the ultimate source of the virus, a single group cannot bear responsibility. Blaming HIV infection on the 'gay community'  is no more productive than blaming it on 'Africa.' HIV infects individuals, and women who choose to engage in unsafe practices are no less culpable than men for the spread of HIV. By definition, the spread of HIV from a man to a woman through sex is a heterosexual act. S2 cites the increasing number of new HIV cases among women as a counterweight to the accusation that HIV is a gay disease.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3G3P2I7IADM2OVPOKTF5BSY47XPJFU	AMJYEQRZ23SHF	1	S1 is making the assertion that the homosexual male community is largely responsible for the spread of HIV. Cited is the notion that a male is unlikely to transmit HIV to a female partner unless he previously had sex with a male partner. Females are only likely to contract HIV from sharing needles, bisexual males, or males with drug habits involving sharing needles. Because HIV first became a notable problem in gay communities, it was the gays that spread that disease to the extent seen today. HIV was never a problem for heterosexual individuals until the disease began spreading outside of these gay communities.
S2 believes that it is not necessarily the nature of gay sex which is responsible for the HIV outbreak. Figures illustrating the spread of HIV in the female population are used to highlight the notion that heterosexual intercourse spreads the disease as well. It is difficult to pinpoint the origin of the disease, and HIV spread very successfully in Africa among heterosexual individuals without gay sex as a predominant causal factor. Therefore it is illogical to blame homosexual men for spreading a disease that has been also non-negligibly spread though heterosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3L0VWAG10HLIRNYK39WE0GTUM1BM4D	ARW0NJ654PMV6	1	S1 believes that the AIDs epidemic is ultimately the fault of men having sex with men.  He sees the gay relationships people have as being the beginning of the outbreak and the fact that women now carry the disease as only happening because if one follows the timeline of the outbreak back it ultimately goes back to a homosexual relationship between men.  He is more concerned with the origin of the disease than where it currently lies in the community and believes that abstention is the safest method for preventing the spread of AIDs.
S2 does not feel that the gay community can be blamed for a disease that has now been spread through both homosexual and heterosexual relationships.  He argues that two people that have sex are ultimately responsible for their actions and the results thereof and cannot blame someone who might have introduced the disease before.  Ultimately, he does not believe that a person's sexual preference should be used as the blame for a disease, as he feels the argument would be different if AIDs had begun in the heterosexual world.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3205WOR10YRXSJDKRZWZLLB3TFQAZU	A314QFXEHWM4RE	1	S1 states that HIV/AIDS is primarily a male homosexual disease and blames homosexual and bisexual men for its initial release into the community as well as its continued spread.
S2 states that HIV/AIDS, regardless of its origin, is not just a male homosexual disease, with its transmission to women and straight men being a fact, and blaming one group diminishes efforts to contain and cure it. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3CL03AEXBQF1Q0BJC61MCVQUW2CB3T	AQO0RQY6TVFDE	1	S1 believes that HIV is primarily spread by males having sex with males regardless of sexuality, although S1 primarily believes that those with the disease and spreading it are gay or at least bisexual men. Although women do get HIV, S1 believes that these women contract the disease by having sex with men who have had previous sexual experiences with men.
S2 believes that the disease is too young to draw the conclusion that HIV is predominantly through gay or bisexual men.  S2 thinks S1 is using gay men as scapegoats and has a rather myopic view regarding the disease; that is, S1 is only focusing on the US.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HI1N53U00I1GM2V1LCDI1L4TNM6KD	A3S54SP1TDP5XW	1	S1 believes that homosexuals, bisexuals, and drug users are to blame for the spread of HIV.  In this argument, S1 bases some information off of logic, and tends not to provide enough hard statistics for the opponent.  The main ideas of the statements lead to the opinion that HIV cannot be considered a mainstream straight disease, leaving homosexuals and drug users to blame.
S2 relies heavily on statistics, primarily form the CDC.  The statistics support the idea that HIV cannot be blamed on one group of people because its origin is not known.  S2 concludes that HIV is a virus spreading among all groups of people, and no one group is more at fault than another, rather than S1's argument that the smoking barrel is in the hands of men who have sex with men.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3J2DLGWVS4620BFVT4NI4OSCFGK8VO	A209NG8HPT1C8P	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV is primarily caused by IV drug use and males having sex with males who then spread the disease to future partners. He contributes the slow rise of HIV contraction in women to the rise in the likelihood of women having sexual contact with a bisexual male. He points to the history of HIV's original impact on the gay and bisexual community as evidence that lifestyle is a dominant factor in the transmission of HIV.
S2 is of the opinion that a person's sexual preference is much less of a contributing factor in the transmission of HIV than the general public ha been lead to believe. He points to the rise of HIV infection by women and the origin of HIV in Africa beginning in the heterosexual community as evidence that it is not a disease limited to only the homosexual and bisexual community. He expresses the opinion that gay and bisexual minority groups are being "scapegoated" as the perpetrators of the spread of HIV. He points out that heterosexual partners can also spread the disease.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3IQ5Q59X13T4QUTO455Y0M2NXEE0SO	A2PUJFLEOKJZ59	1	S1 is in the mindset that HIV is mostly contracted from homosexual men having sexual intercourse with other homosexual men. S2 is trying to argue that HIV has a large effect on heterosexual women as well and they aren't just obtaining the disease from sharing needles with junkies, but rather from sexual contact with men. S1 does agree that women are contracting the disease, but he states that most of the HIV cases that are in women now can be linked to having sex with a bisexual man who has had intercourse with a homosexual man. S2 then points out that in the article S1 provided it says the women MAY come in contact with a man having sex with another man. S1 tries going to the source of the issue but S2 claims that there isn't a specific origin for the disease. S1 then claims that the initial epidemic took off with homosexuals while S2 tries to explain that it could have just as easily spread to heterosexual groups as it did to homosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	38Z977RV088LVYCVANDGGO5ROQH41O	ABYISVVIG7APO	1	S1 believes that men who have sex with men are predominantly to blame for the spread of HIV/AIDS. He feels that women who have contracted the disease have most likely gotten it from having sex with a bisexual man who has previously had a homosexual encounter. He also uses the fact that, in America, homosexual communities had higher numbers of infections earlier in the epidemic. He argues that gay men are the root cause of the spread of AIDS and straight people are the disease’s unfortunate victims.

S2 believes that S1 is using men who have sex with men as scapegoats and that everyone needs to take responsibility for their own actions. It is not fair to blame gay men for infecting heterosexual Americans when there is evidence that people are contracting the disease from heterosexual sex as well. He cites the spread of HIV/AIDS in Africa through predominantly heterosexual means to highlight the fact that the origin of the disease does not matter. The disease will continue to spread regardless of sexuality.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3S37GK73QITOCQVXVPO6HKNPR6N4PS	AYEPAYZQ9QZXR	1	S1 believes that AIDS is not a heterosexual disease, but rather one that is spread by HIV sufferers who are gay men, bisexual men, and/or drug users who share needles.  The origin of HIV in the United States can be traced back to sharing needles with an infected partner,  or having sex with an MSM.  HIV is usually spread by men having sex with other men.  The floodgates of the HIV epidemic opened up in the gay community.  
 victim is a victim.  S2 purports that women make up one-third of new HIV infections.  S/he claims that S1 is scapegoating a certain group.  HIV infection by women is simply the result of sex with men.  There are no other clear indicators.  It does not matter in which group the disease started, HIV spreads among all groups of people.  The activity by which the disease is spread is responsible for HIV transmission, not the parties involved, particularly a specific group.  Nothing states that the most predominant higher risk area for women exclusively involves partnering with an MSM. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3O4SJVPZ8FOVLJ5ETRP43MD1AKYJCK	A2IC37BX9WORRR	1	S1 appears to attribute the epidemic spread of HIV and AIDS in the USA to the behavior of men having sex with men, which is not strictly limited to the population that identifies as truly homosexual but also those with bisexual behaviors, regardless of the setting.

S2 believes that heterosexual sex is the primary vector for the spread of HIV, and has also pointed the finger at S1 for thinking simplistically and using the MSM population as a scapegoat.

S1 moderates his terms and concedes that while there is heterosexual spread, homosexual spread was the catalyst for the epidemic, and S2 insists that all HIV + people should be considered victims without regard for groups and labels like MSM, while disputing the differences in risk described by S1 from the CDC's figures.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3UVVW8K86SBK7DQ5L2AVZCK5DDGLN5	A1BWF9CB10DJZD	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV is primarily traced to the homosexual community, and the spread of the disease among heterosexuals is due to women having sex with bisexual men and use of needles.
S2 disputes the notion that homosexual activity is the reason for the spread of HIV, and that even if a higher percentage of the infected is within the gay community, all people are at risk.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3W83D8UU0AWX9RFG3VRVQB1O81GM3T	A2ZU70TJH2WA2B	1	S1 believes that the primary contributors to the spread of HIV comes from homosexual male relations and sharing contaminated drug paraphernalia. Women are at low risk of contracting HIV unless they are sharing dirty needles or having sex with males who have previously contracted the disease from an infected male partner.
S2 contends that the rate of infection in women is rising primarily due to heterosexual relations with an infected male. Regardless of how their partner contracted HIV, it is still being spread through heterosexual relations.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3Y0IATSBKTG8T0QRA8UDUTBTVFWQUR	A1YD3UPVTAKF4F	1	S1 states that the CDC says that men who have sex with men aren't necessarily gay. S1 disagrees with this, and says that, except for sex in prison, all men who have sex with men are at least bisexual. He then goes on to say that most women who have HIV contracted it from having sex with a junkie or a bisexual man. He says that straight Americans mainly acquires AIDS through heterosexual sex with a "high risk partner", who is either a bisexual man, or a drug user.
S2 shows facts that women make up a third of all new HIV infections, and that rate is growing. He says that women get HIV from hetrosexual sex and - while the male partner could have had sex with a man in the past - it is that couple's responsibility to be safe during sex. He goes on to say that a victim of a disease is a victim regardless of their history and how they got it. One shouldn't blame an entire community or group, and women are just as at risk as men.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3FUG9X0F9PLSFCG31CZAKN956PTXVL	A1FRUVDQGQRTJ	1	S1 believes that HIV is primarily spread by homosexual men. It may be spread from men to women via sexual intercourse, but the disease originates from gay men and spreads to women "usually" when they have sex with men who have already had sex with other men with HIV. The best way to prevent the spread of HIV is to abstain from gay sex with men. Also, straight people in America with HIV usually get them not from sex with bisexual men, but diseased needles while using drugs and sex with said high-risk drug users.
S2 disagrees, citing that women comprise of a relatively small but significant percentage of the population afflicted with HIV. He also argues that just because some gay men have HIV doesn't mean that gay sex is the cause with an analogy of a straight couple blaming the transmission of an STD on straight sex. Also S2 did not see evidence of women being at higher risk of contracting HIV for having sex with MSM.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	32912ICPSFFX23AEI3MHD7CZL9BUL8	A2KCB81JGWVQP	1	S2 argues that we do not know where exactly the HIV virus came from or started from. He mentioned how women also make up a certain percentage of aids cases in an effort to disprove S1's arguement that it is a gay mans disease. He is of the belief that S1 is using the gay community as a scape goat. He is trying to get across that it isn't relevant where it came from, that it exists and people suffer from it.

S1 believes that the spread of Aids mostly came from the gay community. He argues that it was spread predominately by gay men. Then adds that it was also spread by Iv drug users that shared needles with HIV carriers. He implies that the HIV carriers sharing those needles with the heterosexual junkies are gay men. His rebuttal to S2 mentioning the statistics of women with the disease , was the reason that women have it,, is because they either had sex with a bi-sexual male or one of the hetero junkies.   . 

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WOJ63FISDZZ45F36ULF9NCEAH1S6I	A2MKN9KNKW02ST	1	S1: believe the root cause for HIV spreading to women is from men who are bi-sexual who got HIV from a gay man.
S2: believes that it is not so cut and dried and that all factors (gay/bi sex, drug use, unsafe sexual practices, ect) are to blame.  He also contends it does not matter how or where it started just that did.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KWZK1RXJRK8TCGOL59CEKEMJ2LJZK	A15JMS6ZF80WDP	1	S1 believes that the majority of the outbreaks of HIV infections stem primarily and originate from male homosexuality.  S1 argues that the increases in women infected with HIV are only the result of sharing a needle or having sexual contact with a bisexual male that has already contracted the virus by means of homosexual activity.  Therefore, according to S1, homosexuality is to blame.
S2 refutes the fact that homosexuality among males is the root cause of HIV and that it actually is unprotected heterosexual activity that is the cause for the increase in HIV cases, not homosexuals. S2 backs up this theory by citing facts from the CDC which gives evidence to vastly rising numbers of women contracting the disease, stating that one third of new HIV cases are women and that female rates of infection are rising around the globe from the US to Bangkok.  S2 believes that the large increase in HIV infections is a result of heterosexual activity between a man and women, and that there is no evidence that proves the increase in women HIV cases is a result of sexual activity with a gay male.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3O5ZYKTND2X30FZ7NOCEG4W8XTYHRK	AGC11QQI6FASU	1	S1 is arguing that AIDS is a homosexual disease that has infected the heterosexual mainstream due to bisexual men have sex with women who then have sex with another heterosexual male. S1 believes the Gay community and bisexuals are the problem.
S2 argues that the origin of AIDS is not known and that the statistics show that AIDS is not a bias to homosexuals and that heterosexuals are more likely to contract it then homosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3D70D4VRP4X1SFZE8ZIQ6L59FLZSZA	A2OZY8XRSO75K8	1	S1: believes woman who have had sex with bisexual males or MSM are at higher risk of contracting HIV. The CDC statistics show a smaller risk for women who have had sexual relations with hetero males. HIV spreads primarily from women who have sex with MSM, because of blurred lines in sexuality today having heterosexual relations is not safe either. Abstinence is the only way to be safe. The biggest spread of the disease started within the gay community. HIV then began to spread through straight America via blood transfusions and risky sexual behavior, which consists of sexual relations with a drug addict, or MSM.
s2:  argues that men having sex with women are spreading HIV. Women who have sex with MSM are not necessarily in the higher risk area. HIV hasn’t been around long enough to make conclusions about MSM. The number of infected woman is increasing annually. The origins of HIV becoming widespread are unknown.  He believes the group, which had the most cases at first, is irrelevant to factoring in higher risks.


3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XYLTZFTQZEGP6GL067AJOFQ6R3FOD	A2BMIBXQ6NA500	1	S1 believes that AIDS can be considered a gay disease because it is spread primarily through sexual relations between homosexual and bisexual men, and that infected heterosexual females represent an indirect and statistically anomalous byproduct of propagation via male homosexual activity. S1 supports this theory by arguing that a homosexual act between males is typically at the root of the disease when spread to a female.
S2 argues that the disease s young, and although admittedly first took root in the gay community in America, is no less a threat to heterosexuals simply due to the coincidence of it's emergence within the gay community. S2 cites as an example the African AIDS crisis, where, he argues, it affects heterosexuals and homosexuals at similar rates. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3BUGRTBHXF4AMYWZEH2WPG7RI4L5J9	A16AVRDSVD10B6	1	S1 rejects the CDC claim that simply having sex with another male does not make a man homosexual.  S1 claims that women have a small risk of HIV from hetero males unless such men are drug addicts.
S2 points to the increasing percentage of women among HIV patients as evidence that the virus is being spread through heterosexual contact.  S1 claims that such women are having sex with drug addicts or bisexual men, or else sharing infected needles.  S2 insists that women are being infected by heterosexual  contact. S1 insists this is true only if the men are bisexual or drug addicts.
S2 says that regardless of how the men became infected, the spread is now through heterosexual contact. S1 says the disease entered the picture through gay men and cannot be considered a mainstream disease.  S2 accuses S1 of failing to look at the situation as it is: women get HIV from heterosexual contact.  S2 also points out that how the disease started is not relevant; it is necessary to deal with what is.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RD245HN5HI1SZGJK89COD3H5Q50MN	AROEBUDI2L9G9	1	S1 believes that HIV is a predominately gay disease. He believes that the disease started with gay men and they are the cause of the spread of HIV. The disease effects mostly gay or bisexual men or  with drug users. He is trying to prove that a regular straight  sexual relationship without any past homosexuality history or drug use will not result in a positive HIV status.
S2 is trying to prove that HIV is not only a gay or drug user disease. It is becoming more mainstream and anyone can now acquire it, regardless of their or their partners sexual background.  He states that it is still a new disease a lot is unknown about it. We should not jump to conclusions about the disease until more research and time has past. He rejects the idea that HIV started with only gay men and they are the ones who are spreading it to straight women. He is trying to prove that no matter what type of relationship you are in, you run a risk of contracting HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3W83D8UU0AWX9RFG3VRVQB1O82PM34	A1FG4M4370KNFI	1	SI believes gay and bisexual men are both the origin and cause of the spread of HIV, and that it cannot be argued that HIV is a mainstream or "straight" people disease. When straight people do contract HIV, S1 argues, it's because they engaged in sex with a bisexual man who slept with a gay HIV positive man or someone who had shared needles with an HIV infected person. They believe it is difficult for a woman to contract HIV any other way.  

S2 believes that a disease is indiscriminate, that it is incorrect to state that the group who has had the most cases of the disease is its origin point, and that it is still unknown what type of sex initially spread the disease. S2 points to statistics indicating that most of the spreading of HIV is happening because of men having sex with women, and that there is no evidence the disease is largely spreading because of women having sexual contact with men who have engaged in gay sex. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31KSDQB6BELVDWXV61KJPDYZJLGRP9	AH26ZQSR0SQVG	1	S1 believes the gay (male) community is primarily responsible for the spread of HIV/AIDS in the United States. HIV/AIDS cannot be considered a mainstream "straight" disease. In response to S2's primary argument, he compares the spread of HIV/AIDS to a leaky pipe; one does not begin inspecting a leaky pipe at its end, but at the pipe's origin. The increase in female HIV/AIDS victims is attributed to women having sex with gay/bisexual/MSM (Men who have Sex with Men) men, women who are drug addicts who share needles with such men, or women who have sex with men who are drug addicts who have shared needs with such men. But the spread of the disease into the female population cannot be considered a heterosexual issue.
S2 believes HIV/AIDS is not a disease specific to the homosexual male community. He supports his argument with information attributed to the CDC with linked websites, which show the increase in female HIV/AIDS victims. The spread of the disease is solely the result of individual couples, homosexual or otherwise, who fail to use condoms. The gay community cannot be blamed for a heterosexual couple who don't practice safe sex, and blaming the gay community is an act of scapegoating.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3AXALHUM1ON2BIA70GR5S0UZDWQ5EP	A1FTGHYEU1T71Y	1	S1 believes that gay and bisexual men are primarily responsible for spreading HIV/AIDS. They believe that it is unlikely that women will transmit HIV from a straight male unless he is an intravenous drug user. Their main contention is that men who engage in sexual activity with other men are transmitting the disease to each other and to their female partners. An underlying theme in this persons argument is the dislike for male homosexual activity.
S2 argues that the disease is spread by a variety of groups, not just gay and bisexual men. They claim that the disease is as easily and widely spread by straight men (who do not engage in sexual activity with other men) and women. This person also believes that pinning the spread of HIV/AIDS on men who engage in sexual activity with other men is scapegoating. S2 states that they have not seen data that indicates women are at higher risk when they have intimate contact with a male partner who has engaged in sexual activity with other men.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3E13VZD6GX10HNRY0H3ZZ3MFV8TY5V	A1IZ4NX41GKU4X	1	S1 believes that the reason women's numbers are increasing when it comes to HIV is solely do to the fact that they are associating with men who are bisexual. He believes that if it weren't for the gay community and these men, that the numbers would not be as high. He solely blames the gay community and bisexual males for the spread of aids. This is due to the fact he believes the origin of aids goes back to the gay community. 
S2 Believes that is not as simple as blaming a community for the spread of aids in society or for the recent increase in the number of women who are getting it. . He thinks that it’s on the individuals themselves and that aids is not being spread because of the Gay community. It’s more about people not protecting themselves and making wise choices. This goes beyond what S1 sees as the root of the cause. The gay community in S1’s opinion is the sole reason and they’re the root of the problem. 

