QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3BGB8J6PR14ERNCTWZHWDFSR5OA5I9	A341LHR7178BUY	1	S1 believes that AIDS is a disease that predominately effects homosexuals and is by and large not a mainstream disease that impacts heterosexuals. They contend that the spread of HIV started with and continues to stem from homosexual activity. They site that most cases of women being infected with HIV are the result of sex with bisexual men or men who use drugs, and points out that the CDC has labeled men who have sex with other men as a risk factor for the spread of HIV. S2 feels that the disease is as much an issue for the straight community as the homosexual community and sites the fact that women make up a large amount of new HIV cases. They also point out that no matter what the origin of the infection, HIV is being actively spread by heterosexual couples now and should not be considered a homosexual disease, and that S1 is simply using the homosexual community as a scape goat to excuse heterosexual couples who engage in unsafe sexual practices from the negative outcomes of their own irresponsible actions.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39ZQLXXUXC5D2KCEWHZVJ5LK94ZXTR	A164ZAH5WONSU	1	S1 bleieves that HIV began with gay or bisexual men having sex with other gay or bisexual men.  He states that the increase in the percentage of women contracting the disease is caused by women having sexual relations with these gay or bisexual men, heterosexual junkies or sharing needles with others that have the disease.  He gives reference to the CDC statistics that show that the risk of a woman contracting HIV from a straight man is small.
s2 argues that the increase in cases of women with HIV is due to women having sex with men.  He states that it is irrelevant where the disease began, that it is being spread through out people from all walks of life.  He gives two different sources to back up his findings as well as tries to discredit S1's interpretation of the CDC's statistics.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3M1BSX980WDC0SKDMLOEX1YJINFL6J	A18Z36J9X2Z3ZF	1	S1: The origin of the women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ... etc. . etc. .  Now , I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today , even having heterosexual relations isn't safe . But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community , not straight America                                                                                                        S2: It's being spread by men having sex with women . You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity .None of your data disproves that fact .  It's still a young disease , give it some more time ... Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections . 4 In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS 5 ; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% . 6 Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . 7% (http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women)  with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003 ... (http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage).
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3O4SJVPZ8FOVLJ5ETRP43MD1AKMCJ1	A2QL6MUPV7JJYJ	1	S1 communicates the belief that HIV epidemic starts from the homosexual relationship of two men, heterosexual relationship of man and woman where one or both are drug addicts or from people sharing needles. By trying to trace the origin of the disease to its' original source, one can come to the conclusion that the safest way to avoid contracting HIV is through abstinence. Additionally, there is clear evidence that the culprit is not necessarily and not predominantly a heterosexual relationship.
S2 attempts to argue that there is still not enough evidence to make a reliable conclusion. There needs to be more research done over a longer period of time. At the moment, the majority of infections are created through heterosexual contact of man and woman. Trying to start the blame game at some point prior to the sex between a male and a female, in a way, absolves them of responsibility for their careless actions when there is no protection, such a condom, present. HIV remains a big problem that affects all groups of people.
