QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3D48YW4QT0E8D5Z8JZ8IGI06K0CCCM	A14HQNH7COGDK2	1	S1 takes the position that men who have sex with men as well as men who are drug users are by far the most responsible for the spread of AIDS.  So women who have sex with heterosexual men are not responsible for spreading the disease, though they too would be safer with condoms. Of course, abstention is safest of all. S1 contends that women get AIDs by having sex with bisexual men or with infected drug addicts or by sharing needles with infected persons. Straight, mainstream people generally do not get AIDS, which began in the homosexual community among men whose sexual practices promoted the spread of the disease.
S2 replies that the statistics show that most women who get AIDs get it from their sex partners and that the number of women spreading AIDS is likely to grow. So sex between men and women is also a way AIDs spreads. Men and women must use protection, because all sexual contact can spread the disease. Therefore, no one should scapegoat the gay community, or say its members made bad choices.


3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39QQQOYWGH5CT005UYFLDZ2PHL8X1I	A3FW9NWR6TJ4M9	1	S2 believes that HIV the young disease is spreading by men having sex with women. women won't be held responsible for the disease they spread from the activity and admits that don't know where is the original leak of HIV started.
S1 contends that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual man, having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people. The main victims of this disease are guy community and admits that the origin of HIV is from women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N7MDJ84CO7NA3JMFQED66095COECG	A1J7C4V2AZSHQX	1	S1 argues that the spread of HIV is predominantly a result of men having sex with men and that it originated in the gay community. According to S1, women contract the disease by having sex with bisexual men and drug users that share needles with gay or bisexual men. S1 believes that the heterosexual community has contracted the disease because of the gay community and that the solution is to go to the source of the problem, which, according to S1, is the gay community. S1 recommends abstaining from the risky practice of male, male homosexual intercourse.

S2 contends that the origins of HIV are not important and that focusing on the proliferation of HIV within the gay community is not helpful to reducing the spread of the disease, demonizes homosexuals, and leads heterosexuals to believe their risk of contracting HIV is lower than it actually is, resulting in further spread of the disease. S2 also highlights the proliferation of HIV among women, which is largely contracted via sexual intercourse and is on the rise in North America.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	312ABXMSXL08U5H56GJI6IID4YOMJR	A1SRI5PDX6WB9B	1	 S1 believes AIDS is a disease that is caused by men having sex with males. He states that heterosexuals who get the disease get it from someone who had sex with a bisexual person, or a former partner of someone they have sex with who did. He says people get it from sharing needles with infected drug users, or having sex with an infected drug user, but these people originally got it by having sex with someone whose previous partner had sex with another man. He believes AIDS is due to men having sex with other men, which he defines is a dangerous practice. 
   S2 argues that women are being infected at higher rates, and that because the women can contact it from a heterosexual relationship it is not just a gay disease. He argues it is a virus that infects all people and should be treated as such. Because the origins are unknown, and what group has the majority of infections inconsequential, AIDS should not be classified as a disease caused by gay behavior. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KW5TAHNGN9GGUCZRDH9GJXQLEHHTJ	A3JHXEH79DJ83L	1	S1 says there is a extremely small percentage of woman who contract AIDS/HIV via  heterosexual sex and therefore it is mostly a male homosexual problem and that the safest protection is total celibacy including drug addicts. Women contract this disease only by sexual intercourse with infected men  or by intravenous injections of dirty needles typically shared amongst drug addicts.. The only reason why heterosexuals are acquiring AIDS/HIV is because the  originating vector comes from active male homosexuality who then have heterosexual intercourse afterwards. S1 contends only drug addicts and active sexual homosexuals are the root of AIDS/HIV spreading to straight people.

S2 contends that that females are the fastest group of new AIDS/HIV infections and the statistics on new infections  among heterosexual  females are exponentially increasing.. Therefore the HIV/AIDS disease is  not strictly a problem of active homosexual males. Both S1 & S2 agree that the spread of HIV/AIDS to woman is infected men infecting females. Neither discuss  that  babies are born with HIV/AIDS  or that it can be transmitted form hospital blood transfusion before before the 1980's when testing of blood donations began.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XQRXQ6BSJKMIXSWX3AGY7ZKW9SKUH	AYXIDCIGUA037	1	S1 believes HIV to be a disease that, at the root of it, is caused by homosexual sex. They feel that the disease first was transmitted via homosexual sex to the person serving as the source of others' infection, who then spread the disease through shared dirty needles, heterosexual sex, and other manners of transmission. Therefore, they place blame for the spread of disease on the group with which they feel it began, the homosexual community.

S2 believes HIV is spread increasingly via heterosexual sex, as shown by the increasing infection rates among women, which increased from 13.8% of all cases in 1992, to 25% by 2003. It is their belief that where HIV began and with which group it began is irrelevant, and attention should be focused on where and how it is spreading today, rather than focusing on blaming a group for the disease’s origins.

QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3BGB8J6PR14ERNCTWZHWDFSR5OA5I9	A341LHR7178BUY	1	S1 believes that AIDS is a disease that predominately effects homosexuals and is by and large not a mainstream disease that impacts heterosexuals. They contend that the spread of HIV started with and continues to stem from homosexual activity. They site that most cases of women being infected with HIV are the result of sex with bisexual men or men who use drugs, and points out that the CDC has labeled men who have sex with other men as a risk factor for the spread of HIV. S2 feels that the disease is as much an issue for the straight community as the homosexual community and sites the fact that women make up a large amount of new HIV cases. They also point out that no matter what the origin of the infection, HIV is being actively spread by heterosexual couples now and should not be considered a homosexual disease, and that S1 is simply using the homosexual community as a scape goat to excuse heterosexual couples who engage in unsafe sexual practices from the negative outcomes of their own irresponsible actions.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39ZQLXXUXC5D2KCEWHZVJ5LK94ZXTR	A164ZAH5WONSU	1	S1 bleieves that HIV began with gay or bisexual men having sex with other gay or bisexual men.  He states that the increase in the percentage of women contracting the disease is caused by women having sexual relations with these gay or bisexual men, heterosexual junkies or sharing needles with others that have the disease.  He gives reference to the CDC statistics that show that the risk of a woman contracting HIV from a straight man is small.
s2 argues that the increase in cases of women with HIV is due to women having sex with men.  He states that it is irrelevant where the disease began, that it is being spread through out people from all walks of life.  He gives two different sources to back up his findings as well as tries to discredit S1's interpretation of the CDC's statistics.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3M1BSX980WDC0SKDMLOEX1YJINFL6J	A18Z36J9X2Z3ZF	1	S1: The origin of the women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ... etc. . etc. .  Now , I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today , even having heterosexual relations isn't safe . But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community , not straight America                                                                                                        S2: It's being spread by men having sex with women . You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity .None of your data disproves that fact .  It's still a young disease , give it some more time ... Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections . 4 In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS 5 ; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% . 6 Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . 7% (http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women)  with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003 ... (http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage).
