QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33KN77X99QC62BGGZWWW90BDGKOK0E	A2L1NIJH0VRSYZ	1	S1 argues that HIV/AIDS is spread in heterosexual relationships mainly when women have sex with “high risk” partners- bisexual men and drug users. S1 is adamantly for this idea. They claim that the “floodgates” of HIV predominantly opened in the gay and drug using community. He analogizes that you wouldn’t look to find the cause of a pipe leak by looking at the end of the pipe. He claims that HIV has only spread to heterosexual America due to women having sex with bisexual men or drug using men. 

S2 contends that HIV is being spread to more women than men. It is argued that HIV is a young disease and that by the end of 2001, women accounted for 21% of people infected. The argument there is that since women are becoming more predominant victims of the disease, that it is impossible that it is a disease from the gay community. S2 is saying that it is irresponsible to only blame the gay community and not hold responsibility for heterosexual couples not using condoms, practicing safe-sex, or abstinence. 

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WOJ63FISDZZ45F36ULF9NCEAHQ6SL	A98XHW6B1VSSQ	1	S2 believes that HIV is being spread mostly by men  having sex with  women. He believes that more women are getting HIV every year. He states and gives information that he backs up by giving website addresses. He states that Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections. In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% .  Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women He also adds that the percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003. http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage He feels that a victim of a disease is just a victim of a disease that it is a virus that continues to spread among groups of people. There is no basis to one particular group making a bad choice only because they expressed their sexuality.  
S1 contends that although he has seen the facts on women he believes HIV is being spread to women by men having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkieswho have th HIV and the sharing of needles with HIV infected people . He believes that HIV is not a mainstream " straight " disease but rather a disease spread by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men.  He completely believes that  the floodgates for HIV opened up in the gay community.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39IVK15UY5ZJMJ81SYOEDJKVHEBFRA	A3LMR2U14QVYVN	1	S1 believes that the risk of women getting HIV from having sex with heterosexual males is small and relatively uncommon. S2'S counterargument is that many women are getting HIV from having sex is on the rise. S1 states that the sex is not occurring with heterosexual males, but bisexual ones; S2 says the issue at hand is that they are still getting the disease via intercourse. S1 contends that it wasn't straight people who brought the disease to America, but bisexuals who got the disease by having sex with a man, contracting the disease, and then having sex with a woman, though it is difficult to pin down a definitive cause. S1 states that the spread of HIV has become so prevalent that even heterosexual relationships are not safe. S2 states that they do not know where HIV originally started. S1 believes it began in the gay community. S2 accuses S1 of marginalizing the gay community for the disease, saying they are not wrong for simply expressing their sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RA8QYCQLAGSNPB0JRY4KU06Q04DDR	A18ZOLS2FGK8H7	1	S1 is arguing that women are at very low risk for contracting HIV/AIDS and generally only do so when they are having sex with bi-sexual men or using intravenous drugs.  S1 states that the data indicates that nearly all cases of female HIV can be traced back to bi-sexual partners or drug use. This is to make the larger argument that HIV is not a 'heterosexual' disease.
S2 Disagrees with S1's reading of the available data.  S1 Is arguing that HIV must be treated as a heterosexual disease and that it is irrelevant where it started.  There is a need to strongly encourage the use of protection (condoms) or abstinence among heterosexuals and that there is no data to support a continuing focus on bi-sexuals.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WKEN96ANEZIZD2YS6YJNB9XQFT4GH	AS0KLPIVJ2C1G	1	
S1 questions the CDC’s definition of activities that classify homosexuality and states that their statistics show the risk of women get HIV from heterosexual males is small. S1 states the safest way to reduce risk of HIV is through abstinence. He also argues that women are contracting HIV by elicit activity such as having sexual relations with bisexual men, sex with heterosexual drug users and needle sharing with HIV positive individuals and that the origin of HIV is important in understanding the facts and how disease spreads. S1 believes homosexual men are the main case of HIV is contraction.
S2 states that HIV is a new disease and causal factors are still being assessed. He states that HIV’s rate is growing in women. S2 believes that, regardless of the initial cause of HIV or community in which it is was spreading, that it is currently being transmitted by heterosexual sex. He also believes that heterosexuals are looking to homosexuals as a scapegoat instead of taking personal responsibility for their role in contracting HIV. S2 does not want homosexuals labeled as the predominant carriers of HIV and feels that we should focus on the fact that the virus is spreading regardless of the group associations of the people who have it.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3IE00H30VCPSTCFEOMX3U4OOREFLII	A2AQ9NQ5EZE8HJ	1	S1: believes that is a young disease. The risk of HIV from hetro males is small/ Woman make up 1/3 of all new cases.
S2: It is still spread by men having sex with women.
S3: People should always use a condom. It is not just a man disease.
S2:4: What was the origin of HIV. A victim of he disease can be woman or man. It just isn't a gay thing thing.
s5: It is an disease that knows no race. It knows no gender. It has spreaded all over the world.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3V0Y7395HURJN03FZTIZPQ0JNX0Z9W	A3OAHX9IBGZ3YP	1	S1 believes that HIV/AIDS has been started by gay, bi-sexual and heterosexual men, and not straight men. He also believes that women who contract AIDS, do so by having sexual contact with Bi-sexual or heterosexual men, or by sharing needles with  HIV infected drug addicts.

S2 believes that women are getting increasingly effected by the disease, and men are spreading the disease to women. S2 doesn't believe that gay or bi-sexual men are the reason for the spreading of HIV/AIDS. S2 believes that both gay and straight people are equally at risk for HIV/AIDS, and men need to use condom to avoid contracting HIV/AIDS.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39WFZ26O4CALLYAIBDSQRG1RTI3ZCD	A1C5HQG9EHKL4S	1	S1 believes that the homosexual male community is putting the heterosexual female community at risk of contracting AIDS. S1's argument is that the CDC data shows that women are at little risk of contracting HIV/AIDS from a heterosexual man, unless they were a drug user. S1 claims that the majority of heterosexual women contracting HIV/AIDS are contracting it from bisexual men, who themselves contracted it from a homosexual man. The overarching point being made is that S1 believes that not only did the disease first propogate in the homosexual male community, but that the community's lack of sexual caution is causing the disease to spread en masse outside of their community and into the heterosexual community.

S2 questions S1's interpretation of the available and presented data, saying that the data only implies that women *may* contract HIV from bisexual males, rather than that being the predominant case. S2 also makes the argument that the starting point of the AIDS epidemic and who is spreading it faster is irrelevant. S2 says that putting the blame on the homosexual community for spreading the disease to the heterosexual community is wrong, because ultimately it is every individual's responsibility to have safe sex, and the contraction of HIV is no one's fault other than the people immediately involved in the sexual exchange.
