QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3IE00H30VCPSTCFEOMX3U4OORE7IL7	A3G5Y2PYKG0OOP	1	S1 believes that males having sex with males is bisexual, if not gay, and states that the CDC's stats show that women's risk for contracting HIV/AIDS by women comes not from heterosexual men but from having sex with males that go both ways (or use of IV drugs, either their partner or themselves).  S1 argues that AIDS isn't a "mainstream straight" disease but is due to all the bisexual men passing it on to women.  He does concede that infected women having unsafe sex could pass it to hetro men, but still puts the blame on the gay/ bi community for being the widespread HIV/AIDS infections.
S2 believes that HIV/AIDS is fairly new and that nowadays women are to blame for and make up  the most increasing numbers of new infections.  He argues that women are necessarily getting it from men who are bisexual but that it is from another woman that the man acquired the infection.  S2 states that the origination of HIV is unknown and that no one group (gay/bi) should be the "scapegoat" for causing all the HIV/AIDS.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3O4SJVPZ8FOVLJ5ETRP43MD1AKJCJY	AE4W5JSGS6REU	1	S2 Is of the basic belief that HIV (and, or AIDS) can be contracted by engaging in a multitude of risky or irresponsible behaviors. The contention is that, not only could a completely straight person (male or female) come into contact with an infection, but also that the source cannot be assumed to be a gay or bisexual individual. One can also not assume that it was contracted through intravenous drug use. In conclusion, S2 argues that it is fully possible for a life-long heterosexual who does not use drugs to contract an infection from another heterosexual who is also drug-free. 

S1 Contends that the spread of these infections has been, and always will be, propagated through contact stemming from gay relations or intravenous drug use. S1 Refuses to acknowledge that the numbers of women who are testing positive for these infections is growing, year by year - and that women are also capable of spreading the infections.
