QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33KN77X99QC62BGGZWWW90BDGKOK0E	A2L1NIJH0VRSYZ	1	S1 argues that HIV/AIDS is spread in heterosexual relationships mainly when women have sex with “high risk” partners- bisexual men and drug users. S1 is adamantly for this idea. They claim that the “floodgates” of HIV predominantly opened in the gay and drug using community. He analogizes that you wouldn’t look to find the cause of a pipe leak by looking at the end of the pipe. He claims that HIV has only spread to heterosexual America due to women having sex with bisexual men or drug using men. 

S2 contends that HIV is being spread to more women than men. It is argued that HIV is a young disease and that by the end of 2001, women accounted for 21% of people infected. The argument there is that since women are becoming more predominant victims of the disease, that it is impossible that it is a disease from the gay community. S2 is saying that it is irresponsible to only blame the gay community and not hold responsibility for heterosexual couples not using condoms, practicing safe-sex, or abstinence. 

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WOJ63FISDZZ45F36ULF9NCEAHQ6SL	A98XHW6B1VSSQ	1	S2 believes that HIV is being spread mostly by men  having sex with  women. He believes that more women are getting HIV every year. He states and gives information that he backs up by giving website addresses. He states that Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections. In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% .  Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women He also adds that the percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003. http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage He feels that a victim of a disease is just a victim of a disease that it is a virus that continues to spread among groups of people. There is no basis to one particular group making a bad choice only because they expressed their sexuality.  
S1 contends that although he has seen the facts on women he believes HIV is being spread to women by men having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkieswho have th HIV and the sharing of needles with HIV infected people . He believes that HIV is not a mainstream " straight " disease but rather a disease spread by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men.  He completely believes that  the floodgates for HIV opened up in the gay community.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3YH7CFINW0B9C2WCV23VHPDZW204QA	A78NRS3RT3RDI	1	S1 believes HIV is spread primarily by gay or bi-sexual men citing a CDC statistics report which advises the risk of women contracting the virus from heterosexual men is slim.  He/she feels women contract the virus when they engage in sexual relations with men who have had relations with men.  He/she believes the virus originated in the gay community and that heterosexuals wouldn’t contract the virus if not for having relations with gay or bi-sexual people or having sex with heterosexual male intravenous drug users.
S2 provides two websites which show percentages of women who have contracted the virus and the contraction was not the result of relations of any kind.  He/she also notes the study S1 refers to advises women may contract the virus from a man who had sexual relations with another man, not that it was the only way.  He/she believes regardless of how the virus originated it’s primarily being spread by heterosexual couples and not by the gay community.  S2 feels the gay community is being used a scapegoat in this subject.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39IVK15UY5ZJMJ81SYOEDJKVHEBFRA	A3LMR2U14QVYVN	1	S1 believes that the risk of women getting HIV from having sex with heterosexual males is small and relatively uncommon. S2'S counterargument is that many women are getting HIV from having sex is on the rise. S1 states that the sex is not occurring with heterosexual males, but bisexual ones; S2 says the issue at hand is that they are still getting the disease via intercourse. S1 contends that it wasn't straight people who brought the disease to America, but bisexuals who got the disease by having sex with a man, contracting the disease, and then having sex with a woman, though it is difficult to pin down a definitive cause. S1 states that the spread of HIV has become so prevalent that even heterosexual relationships are not safe. S2 states that they do not know where HIV originally started. S1 believes it began in the gay community. S2 accuses S1 of marginalizing the gay community for the disease, saying they are not wrong for simply expressing their sexuality. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RA8QYCQLAGSNPB0JRY4KU06Q04DDR	A18ZOLS2FGK8H7	1	S1 is arguing that women are at very low risk for contracting HIV/AIDS and generally only do so when they are having sex with bi-sexual men or using intravenous drugs.  S1 states that the data indicates that nearly all cases of female HIV can be traced back to bi-sexual partners or drug use. This is to make the larger argument that HIV is not a 'heterosexual' disease.
S2 Disagrees with S1's reading of the available data.  S1 Is arguing that HIV must be treated as a heterosexual disease and that it is irrelevant where it started.  There is a need to strongly encourage the use of protection (condoms) or abstinence among heterosexuals and that there is no data to support a continuing focus on bi-sexuals.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	30XTGOCS6CB6RQJWGPBRSKIZH1J4O3	A1NTEE9X8RFADS	1	S1disapproves of CDC's distinction that men having sex with men are not gay. He  is totally against bisexual men and he accuses that HIV is spread from man to man and not from men having sex with women. S1 accuses S2 of deflecting the issue. According to S1 it is necessary to trace the origin of the disease and he concludes that it is men having sex with men which is the primary cause of propagation of the disease and in women acquires the disease from having sex with heterosexual men who are drug addicts.
S2 is of the opinion that HIV is spread by men and women having sexual activities without any precaution. S2 accuses S1 of being subjective. According to him  S1 is making the gay community the scapegoat as he does not like this particular group. Besides, he also lists facts which shows that the percentage of women having HIV has increased and says that S1 does not have any data to substantiate his argument. According to S2 HIV is a disease spread by a virus and it can be acquired by all irrespective of gender. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VBCAKFEO4UJ0E7TQG6AWIG2ZJ1U5A	A3EIQLH56BW34U	1	S1 states that the spreading of HIV to women is being done by bisexual men and heterosexual junkies sharing needles. He believes it's origin leads back to homosexual or bisexual men as well. Therefore the homosexual community is the main party responsible and not "Straight America" for the spread or opening of the "floodgate" that is HIV.
S2 disputes that the diseases is still young and that the percentages of women are growing every year. They believe HIV is being spread by a man having sex with a woman, even if it is after a man has sex with another man, and that none of the data presented by S1 contradicts that. He equates S1's reasoning to those of someone who blames an act rather than those responsible for it and accuses him of trying to pin the homosexual community as a scapegoat to the origins and spread of the disease. He introduces the topic of the virus's origins in Africa and shames him for making a judgment based on morality and sexual expression rather than facts.
