QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	37TJTI7RUC6ILH7FUHVX7KRYWWUHNH	A34WFUN8O86G6D	1	S1 questions the distinction between MSM and “gay” whilst advocating for abstinence. He argues that the majority of women who contract the virus have not done so from heterosexual men and that it is not a “straight disease.” He believes the “widespread propagation of HIV” occurred within the gay community and that “straight America” was only affected tangentially after their “floodgates opened.”

S2 presents multiple statistics with sources showing the increasing rate and ratio of women living with HIV, contending that it is not just a MSM disease. S2 reiterates that the majority of new infections in women are through sexual contact, and suggests these are primarily from sex with men. S2 indicates S1’s mode of thinking and blaming is a tactic to scapegoat others for whom S1 has a prejudice against and to avoid the personal blame of forfeiting the use protection during intercourse.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3MSVRRGUX1LH22HD1IB77FEVUO0YUP	A1TNAK7Q0IH8VO	1	S2  The origin of the disease is unknown, and nobody really knows where it came from. It's still being spread by men having sex with women, and questions if S1 can read. The two parties involved are not to blame for not knowing whether they had the disease or not. 
S1 elaborates that the spreading of HIV only happens in prisons and that the risk for heterosexual males is very small occording to a CDC statistical study. Also is stating that the origin of HIV is from the gay community, but spreads through bisexual men or drug addicts, infecting the women. Then by infecting the women, it can now pierce the straight community, but retracts the statement. Disputes that one group made a bad choice by having sexual contact oppose to the other because of the disease.
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3D48YW4QT0E8D5Z8JZ8IGI06K0CCCM	A14HQNH7COGDK2	1	S1 takes the position that men who have sex with men as well as men who are drug users are by far the most responsible for the spread of AIDS.  So women who have sex with heterosexual men are not responsible for spreading the disease, though they too would be safer with condoms. Of course, abstention is safest of all. S1 contends that women get AIDs by having sex with bisexual men or with infected drug addicts or by sharing needles with infected persons. Straight, mainstream people generally do not get AIDS, which began in the homosexual community among men whose sexual practices promoted the spread of the disease.
S2 replies that the statistics show that most women who get AIDs get it from their sex partners and that the number of women spreading AIDS is likely to grow. So sex between men and women is also a way AIDs spreads. Men and women must use protection, because all sexual contact can spread the disease. Therefore, no one should scapegoat the gay community, or say its members made bad choices.


3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39QQQOYWGH5CT005UYFLDZ2PHL8X1I	A3FW9NWR6TJ4M9	1	S2 believes that HIV the young disease is spreading by men having sex with women. women won't be held responsible for the disease they spread from the activity and admits that don't know where is the original leak of HIV started.
S1 contends that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual man, having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people. The main victims of this disease are guy community and admits that the origin of HIV is from women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N7MDJ84CO7NA3JMFQED66095COECG	A1J7C4V2AZSHQX	1	S1 argues that the spread of HIV is predominantly a result of men having sex with men and that it originated in the gay community. According to S1, women contract the disease by having sex with bisexual men and drug users that share needles with gay or bisexual men. S1 believes that the heterosexual community has contracted the disease because of the gay community and that the solution is to go to the source of the problem, which, according to S1, is the gay community. S1 recommends abstaining from the risky practice of male, male homosexual intercourse.

S2 contends that the origins of HIV are not important and that focusing on the proliferation of HIV within the gay community is not helpful to reducing the spread of the disease, demonizes homosexuals, and leads heterosexuals to believe their risk of contracting HIV is lower than it actually is, resulting in further spread of the disease. S2 also highlights the proliferation of HIV among women, which is largely contracted via sexual intercourse and is on the rise in North America.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	312ABXMSXL08U5H56GJI6IID4YOMJR	A1SRI5PDX6WB9B	1	 S1 believes AIDS is a disease that is caused by men having sex with males. He states that heterosexuals who get the disease get it from someone who had sex with a bisexual person, or a former partner of someone they have sex with who did. He says people get it from sharing needles with infected drug users, or having sex with an infected drug user, but these people originally got it by having sex with someone whose previous partner had sex with another man. He believes AIDS is due to men having sex with other men, which he defines is a dangerous practice. 
   S2 argues that women are being infected at higher rates, and that because the women can contact it from a heterosexual relationship it is not just a gay disease. He argues it is a virus that infects all people and should be treated as such. Because the origins are unknown, and what group has the majority of infections inconsequential, AIDS should not be classified as a disease caused by gay behavior. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KW5TAHNGN9GGUCZRDH9GJXQLEHHTJ	A3JHXEH79DJ83L	1	S1 says there is a extremely small percentage of woman who contract AIDS/HIV via  heterosexual sex and therefore it is mostly a male homosexual problem and that the safest protection is total celibacy including drug addicts. Women contract this disease only by sexual intercourse with infected men  or by intravenous injections of dirty needles typically shared amongst drug addicts.. The only reason why heterosexuals are acquiring AIDS/HIV is because the  originating vector comes from active male homosexuality who then have heterosexual intercourse afterwards. S1 contends only drug addicts and active sexual homosexuals are the root of AIDS/HIV spreading to straight people.

S2 contends that that females are the fastest group of new AIDS/HIV infections and the statistics on new infections  among heterosexual  females are exponentially increasing.. Therefore the HIV/AIDS disease is  not strictly a problem of active homosexual males. Both S1 & S2 agree that the spread of HIV/AIDS to woman is infected men infecting females. Neither discuss  that  babies are born with HIV/AIDS  or that it can be transmitted form hospital blood transfusion before before the 1980's when testing of blood donations began.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XQRXQ6BSJKMIXSWX3AGY7ZKW9SKUH	AYXIDCIGUA037	1	S1 believes HIV to be a disease that, at the root of it, is caused by homosexual sex. They feel that the disease first was transmitted via homosexual sex to the person serving as the source of others' infection, who then spread the disease through shared dirty needles, heterosexual sex, and other manners of transmission. Therefore, they place blame for the spread of disease on the group with which they feel it began, the homosexual community.

S2 believes HIV is spread increasingly via heterosexual sex, as shown by the increasing infection rates among women, which increased from 13.8% of all cases in 1992, to 25% by 2003. It is their belief that where HIV began and with which group it began is irrelevant, and attention should be focused on where and how it is spreading today, rather than focusing on blaming a group for the disease’s origins.

