QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3HUDX75KYN5BXTOARV8DLQ8DX2ZIAG	A3BSJDWZURK8FF	1	S1 believes that male homosexual sex is the largest contributor to the spread of HIV/AIDS, claiming that the rapidly increasing number of infected individuals can be traced back to originating from homosexual activity. While acknowledging other groups infected with the virus (women, heterosexual males, etc.) S1 states that the gay male population is hugely responsible for its prevalence. He or she maintains that most females who contract HIV do so from males who have sexual history with other males. 

S2 refutes the claim that greater responsibility should be placed on the homosexual male population for the increased spread of HIV/AIDS, indicating the rising number of women infected with the virus. Providing links to solidify their argument, S2 explains that the virus is commonly thought of as a primarily homosexual disease while other causes are ignored (such as the sharing of needles during drug use). In order to disprove what S2 refers to as “scapegoating,” he or she addresses personal responsibility of heterosexual partners to use protection (i.e. a straight couple deciding to use a condom).
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VAMHTALYE5EXL9JYYX09SB8C16LG9	A2SS24O1E0M20H	1	S1: Men who have sex with men are not necessarily homosexuals, as male-on-male sex happens in prison and also between bisexual men. The risk for women to get HIV is much lower than men, unless they are drug addicts. Gay sex is dangerous because of HIV. Women get HIV because male-on-male sex has occurred in the past(s) of a male sex partner. HIV may have started in the gay community, but it propagated in the straight community. 
S2: HIV is a new disease, with women being more than 1/3 of new infections. Instances of women with HIV have increased from 1991 to 2001, with 75% of the cause of infection being sex. HIV is spread by men having sex with women, though it is uncertain where HIV originated. Women might contract HIV from a male sex partner who has had a male sex partner in his past, but it is uncertain. There is no evidence that this type of sexual contact is the leading cause of the spread of HIV.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31MO3U7MBNNBFMAH9908CQFVB5RW7A	A1B02C1K5BBG62	1	S2 is of the opinion that it is the virus that spread HIV and the spread of disease is not just from MSM. It does not matter whether the disease is contracted from a man or a woman. 
S1 is of the opinion that heterosexual relationship is not safe and the propagation of HIV is widespread in gay community. Even though lot of things exist to reduce the risk of the said practice, abstention is the safest method.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3A8BRWSGLX5TNLYBH7FD1WCT4Z89J6	A78NRS3RT3RDI	1	S1 does not support the CDC’s findings concerning homosexual males being the primary carriers of HIV.  He believes HIV/AIDS is most commonly contracted by having relations with an infected gay or bi-sexual man.  He dismisses the numbers noting cases wherein women are affected as his assumption is these women were infected by having sex with bi-sexual men.  He feels strongly the spread of HIV is to be credited to the gay community and that otherwise America may not have this is an issue.

S2 feels HIV is a problem with both men and women noting women accounted for 25% of the infected population in the 2003 study.  He believes it is primary spread by men having sex with women and does not recognize S1’s opinion of the homosexual aspect of the disease, pointing out the study S1 notes advises women may contract the disease by having sex with men who have had sex with other men.  S2 feels a disease is a disease regardless of where it started and should be studied and treated as such.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3UVVW8K86SBK7DQ5L2AVZCK5DDTNLK	A27XTUPJZARIC2	1	s1 believes that CDC statistics show AIDS is spread primarily by homosexual men and that the he risk of women getting HIV from males is small since the women would have to have sex with bisexual men. S1 says you can't call this a mainstream disease. S1 blames the gay community as he says HIV is spread from men having sex with men.
s2 thinks that the number of women who are getting HIV is rising and that gays should not be the scapegoat for the reason it is rising. He says S1 has not read the CDC report well, as it states the people with HIV may have acquired it as the result of males having sex with other males.  He believes people who get HIV are victims and should not be blamed.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3K8E4HJZ2MEK6DNAZD46PI2DDSA6OB	A2SHPDM6HGEKCE	1	S2 believes that women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections. Among women, sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections. It is being spread by men having sex with women. The CDC also cites women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks, as risky for women. It's not just MSM. A victim of a disease is a victim of a disease.
S1 contends that the CDC statistics show that the risk of women getting HIV from hetero males is small, unless they're drug addicts. He refutes the other writer's opinions about HIV being spread by men having sex with women and states that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual men, having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV, and sharing needles with HIV infected people. The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV.  But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3205WOR10YRXSJDKRZWZLLB3TF3ZAW	A25RC3TJZO8467	1	S1 is asserting that HIV is predominately spread by those in the homosexual community and that is where the disease started. It seems to be that women get HIV from heterosexual men in very few cases and sites CDC statistics to demonstrate that point.
S2 says that homosexual men are not the only cause for the spread of HIV. Women are getting it more and more. The start of HIV is still a mystery and there is no actual proof that it started in the homosexual community. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	35WKDB5XDYFPZRMDT7SPUMBW5HV1O9	ACBYCIEI832NE	1	S1 believes that there is no safe way for men to engage in sex with other men and blames gay sex and heterosexual junkies for the rise of HIV.  S2 contends that it is not a 'gay' disease and points out the growing proportions of women being diagnosed with HIV. S1 argues that women are only contracting HIV from bisexual men and junkies and says it is not a 'straight' disease.  S1 also counters that despite the rising HIV rate among heterosexuals that it started in the homosexual community and S2 reminds him that the origins of HIV are still unknown.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	32QQ44214MAYL5GZ3XVZ03E5MW0L4P	A2TR1A3975O3OE	1	The two speakers are discussing a gay rights issue, specifically which groups of people and what methods of transmission are responsible for the spread of HIV, especially the increase of HIV in women.

S1 believes the origin of HIV’s spread to women has been caused by women having sex with bisexual men who first contracted HIV by having sex with another man. S1 also claims it has been spread by women having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV or by sharing needles with HIV infected people. But, basically, he blames the male gay community for initially spreading HIV and that “straight” Americans later contracted HIV from blood transfusions or needles or from sex with high risk partners such as drug users and gay men.  

S2 disagrees that men having sex with men is the primary cause of HIV transmission. S2 believes that the primary increase of HIV in women comes from women having sex with men who are already infected or with men with unspecified risks. S2 allows that the virus is continuing to spread among many groups and resists blaming it on gay men. 

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DS0ISID21K8IQ8BIY111WJ3BX8Y2Y	A2LUK0NP8M20DR	1	S1 believes that HIV has originated from the gay community. He believes it can be passed to woman, only form a male what has had sex with another male who is infected. Or there is the possibility he received it from an infected needle. Although his main argument is it is very unlikely to obtain HIV from a heterosexual male. He seems to be very confident I. His ideals that it is only the gay community that produces aids and infects everyone else. He does not provided any proof, just his own opinion. 
P2 on the other hand provides many fact to prove that woman are just as likely as males to have, and spread HIV. He believes that it is not the gays community's fault for the spread of HIV, but the world as a whole. All people of all genders and sexual preference can be just as at fault. Over all P2 thinks no one should be single handedly blamed for the spread of HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KG6YBU0YGLKIMASY0A3B9MUWIN0V8	A2TSQKDCL70W14	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV and AIDS in heterosexual partnerships comes from Bi-sexual males. S1 points out women have a smaller risk contracting the disease from a heterosexual male, unless the male in question is a drug addict and has shared a needle with another bisexual or gay male. S1 then says that if you trace the origin of the infection through the partners, a bisexual male who has slept with a heterosexual woman will be the starting point.
S2 contends that since one-third of new HIV cases are women, it would be unfair to assume the male bisexual community as a scapegoat for the spread of HIV. S2 provides links to data backing this claim. In response to S1's example of tracing the origin of the disease through the partners, it is noted that it would still be impossible to figure out exactly where the infection started. S2 ends his argument that it doesn't matter where or with whom a disease started, the victim of a disease is still the victim of a disease.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	39CYOXOEUP8DQCBDR73OI4VYXN0WV4	A1R3MNDWBBDZ6L	1	S1 believes that HIV is spread primarily due to homosexuality and through homosexual men. He states that heterosexual transmission of HIV is due to bisexuals having sex with women, and not due to heterosexual men doing the same. His argument is that HIV stems from the gay community.
S2 argues that since HIV can be spread through heterosexual intercourse, it cannot be considered a gay disease and the gay community cannot be held responsible for its propagation. In his view, homosexuality is not seen as any more of a cause of HIV infection than heterosexuality.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3N4IGIGR1L63N09OZTPTPAHI1FQ1E6	AMCXIRJ72QZ2D	1	Women Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections .

If you dig a bit deeper , you find that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people .

S1:3 - Usually by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men , that is .

Even if it were usually from men who first aquired it from other men , it is still being spread by men having sex with women .

You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity .

It's similar to Mary getting a disease from a parnter John , and John and Mary blaming the person and the activity which gave him the disease , saying that he Mary and their activity isn't really to blame , just because they contracted the disease from John and Mary's activity .

The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ...

, Now , I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today , even having heterosexual relations isn't safe .

Straight America has acquired HIV tangentially to the main cause , either through transfers of blood from needles or via sex with a high risk partner , namely drug addict or MSM .

The CDC also cites women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks , as risky for women .
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WNS3POIABXOERCT43DMUSZZOCJAQE	APSUPX2ZQCWIG	1	S1 believes that there is a direct link between the spread/cause of HIV in both the "hetero and gay" communities that emanate from the "gay" lifestyle. Even though the majority of "HIV" cases now reported are from men having sex with women, S1 believes that this is strictly a function of a prior encounter of the "men" with a infected partner, whether gay or straight, that spreads on down the line to regular heterosexual relationships. 

S2 is really trying to deflect from the "chain of events" by hanging most of his argument on the fact that currently the main cause of "HIV" comes from "hetero" relationships; without looking back at the "root beginning" of when the virus started spreading. Even the 3rd or 4th generation down the line is caused by unsafe sex and is the fault of the partners for not being careful. This is deflection at its best. In the end S2 wants to know why it makes a difference where the disease started and that it should have no bearing on "education of HIV" or swaying people away from their sexual desires.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3SCH3JSK24CIMSV7N1208X9AECG9AS	A3GACOC8S91CV9	1	S1 proposes that abstention of male homosexual behavior is the best method of decreasing HIV, because CDC statistics show that this behavior is the main form of transmission. S1 believes that even though some women are contracting the disease from heterosexual behavior, the disease stems from initial male to male sexual contact. Homosexual behavior is the root of the problem, and American heterosexuals have acquired the disease tangentially from this root.
S2 argues that the amount of women acquiring HIV from sexual intercourse with a man is significant, and the disease is also being spread heterosexually. S2 believes that unprotected heterosexual relations are responsible for the spread of the disease, and that it is unknown where the initial spread of the disease started. S1 thinks that S2 is targeting a certain unliked group - the "gay" group- for the root of the problem, when the root of the problem is unknown.  The virus spreads between all groups, not just homosexuals.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3BGB8J6PR14ERNCTWZHWDFSR5O2I5E	A39VNH5NY0C54T	1	S1 refutes the claim by the CDC that men having sex with men are not gay. He believes women who contract HIV do so exclusively from injecting drugs, having sex with males who inject drugs intravenously and from men who have sex with other men. He contends that women do not contract HIV by having sex with strictly heterosexual, non-drug injecting men. It's not a "straight" disease. Only gay and bisexual men, intravenous drug users and women who have sex with these type of men contract HIV. 
S2 contends almost 25% of HIV infected people are women and provides reputable websites to support her information. He goes on to say that we don't know how HIV started but refutes the origin asserted by S1 that it was started by men having sex with men. He contends the spread of HIV is not mainly due to MSM with men but also by heterosexual relations. He contends he has not seen any data stating that the most predominant risk for women exclusively involves partnering with a MSM.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WUHO7K1EBBTX1HLAHDIP3J56U5QBQ	A3B8XCAPX7XKZ4	1	S1 believes that the increase in HIV among women is caused, at its root, by homosexual and bisexual males. S1 believes that heterosexual men and women are at very low risk of catching HIV mainly because they are not homosexual. S1 contends that if the HIV virus does happen to spread to a woman it must be either through drug use and the sharing of dirty needles, or because she had sexual relations with a man who has had sex with other men. S1 argues that the gay community has been the original root cause of any and all HIV infections in the heterosexual female population.
S2 challenges the idea that homosexual or bisexual men are at fault when a heterosexual woman contracts the HIV virus. S2 contends that HIV is spread through unsafe, unprotected sex regardless of the sexual orientation of the partners involved. S2 makes the point that new HIV infections among women are on the rise and believes that this cannot be blamed on the gay male community. S2 believes that HIV is a virus that spreads through all communities now and women are at high risk of unsafe sex with any partner, not just a male partner who has had sexual relations with another man. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3TIXEGIBD358U44TUPL1L9O01JJBNP	A25CMRRP46PV5X	1	S1 believes that HIV started with the gay community and was spread from bisexual men having sexual relations with women after being infected from a male partner. He is saying that if the MSM community would have stayed among their own kind, the virus would not be as wide spread as it is today.
S2 Is trying to explain that HIV did not start with the gay community and they were not the source. He agrees with S1 that the spread of HIV is through partners not protecting themselves when engaging in sexual activity. But that there are other ways that the disease was started, like blood transfusions. He also believes that women are the main cause of the increase in HIV cases. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DG0UCIW5KC6L33UR7YYU20EW84TTX	A214JTAHTAWUKA	1	S1 argues that the root cause of the spread of HIV in women is from male on male sexual activity.Claiming that bisexual men or those whom have had sex with men by some occurrence, are having sex with women and spreading the disease.He also states that the risk of a heterosexual woman having sex with a completely heterosexual man and contracting AIDS is small unless the male is a drug addict and acquired it from sharing needles with a infected person.S1 argues that the root of the problem should be blamed on males whom have had sex with males.He believes bisexual activity is to blame for dangers and spread of HIV in heterosexual partners.S2 believes S1 is negating evidence and obscuring the fact that AIDS in women is on the rise and has been.S2 also believes S1 is placing the blame on homosexual and bisexual males alone and not on lax prevention methods, such as condoms.S1 feels that the problem of AIDS may or may not have originated within the homosexual community.He rebuttals that S1 is using one group (male bisexuals) as a scape goat and in that not acknowledging the fact that victims should not be help responsible for the spread of a disease because of their sexual expression and actions.
