QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	35OM088MFO6YTRLS3RCY2E2C1Z7ZZR	A12EU7P50BDSWH	1	S2 is arguing that women are getting HIV due to typical heterosexual relationships. S2 shows data that HIV infections in women are rising, and that we may have not seen enough of the disease to conclude which gender spreads the infection more. S2 claims S1 ignores the data presented, and is attacking a sexual stance (homosexuality) that S1 does not like. S2 feels that the vectors of a disease (ways of transmission) should be looked at, not just the initial population (in this case, homosexual men). 
S1 argues that HIV is spread primarily through homosexual sex. S1 feels that the rates of women rising are not just a result of the disease changing how it spreads, but rather women having sex with bisexual men. S1 accuses S2 of ignoring parts of their own evidence, and points out that the women who are becoming infected are having sex with men who engage in homosexual relationships, so that is the source of HIV spreading. S1 feels that S2 should look at the source of the disease more.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3YHXVLAOIHTVQQGWB9N1BMJ9DHWZDR	AVC62JNYAXA45	1	S1 believes that it is very rare for HIV to spread via heterosexual encounters, and points to gay/bisexual men and drug users as the main causes for the spread of the disease. Even heterosexuals who contract the disease can likely trace the infection back to a drug user or bisexual in their sexual history. He claims that as a result of this, HIV cannot be viewed as a "straight" disease, and the infection of heterosexuals is tangential to the main cause which is the gay community.
S2 points out that HIV is a relatively new disease, and that the rate of HIV infection is now increasing among women. He objects to the use of any one group, like homosexuals, as a scapegoat for the disease and suggests that portraying straight sex as safer may lead to further spread of HIV due to heterosexuals not taking necessary precautions to prevent infection. He also contends that HIV victims should be seen as such regardless of sexual orientation, and that effects are more relevant than the causes.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33GY92BS3MFSK3ZT8KKTJR6WJH9Q1Z	A1TWZEOYQV4LGI	1	S1 maintains that abstinence is the best policy for avoiding HIV, and that males having sex with males makes them bisexual and not gay. S1 also contends that (per the CDC), risks of getting HIV from heterosexual males is slim, unless they are drug addicts. The increased statistic of women carrying HIV comes from the sex with drug users or bi-sexual men, and that the disease became widespread within the gay and drug-using communities.

S2 contends that the highest number of carriers of HIV is women, and that the number is increasing exponentially over the years. S2 cites the CDC in saying that women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks is risky for women, and that the actions can not be traced back to a specified group.

S2 believes that women are more to blame for the spread of the disease, where S1 attributes the spread of the disease to bisexual and drug-using men.
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3R13P4Q7QS6POIPWQ35WQEA2L6SQGZ	A1UZTW2K9CDB5S	1	S1 believes that the transmission of HIV is primarily limited to homosexuals. This is because women with HIV are primarily contracting HIV from bisexual men and not through drug/needle use. This is because it is spread by homosexual men who then give it to the women. This is clear because HIV was primarily spread in homosexual relationships first, and then it spread to heterosexuals by sex or blood transfusion. The majority of the disease was spread in the homosexual community.
S2 believes that that HIV is not limited to homosexuals and can commonly be spread in homosexual relationships. This is because men are spreading this disease with women and S2 disagrees with S1's data. The link to HIV and same sex transmission can not be linked to any community. The victim of a disease matters no matter what sexual preference they have. It can be spread to all groups of people. There is no data that women are at a higher risk when partnering with an MSM. 
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	31SR6C8STI43JFUD1XU6216JIVGXF8	A3ITJY0L20SRQL	1	S1 contends that the spread of HIV is predominantly caused by gay men. He agrees that women having sex with men spreads the disease but maintains that the men giving the women the disease have acquired it from having sex with other men. Therefore, people today can be getting the disease from heterosexual sex but it is only because people having homosexual sexual relations started the spread of the disease.
S2 contends that you cannot you cannot subjectively blame a specific group for the spread of HIV and does not condone blaming homosexuality for the spread of the disease. He believes that everyone who spread the disease is to blame and the original source can not be identified so the lifestyle of a specific group of people should not be blamed for it. He brings up a specific example of a man and a woman having sex and spreading the disease and then trying to blame the outcome on whoever the man got the disease from instead of blaming themselves.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DB52KP97JXPR0Z1TAILGB0DTJPZR2	A2VG4MJ15ZYDEH	1	S1 believes that HIV is primarily transmitted through illicit drug users sharing needles and through sexual acts committed between men, and that these behaviors are primarily to blame in creating the AIDS pandemic. S2 rebuts that AIDS is widespread among women, and that women make up a large percentage of new AIDS cases, and that this is likely caused by heterosexual contact between men and women. S1 counters that the men that women catch HIV from are most likely to have themselves caught the disease from needle sharing and homosexual sex, and that these acts have historically been the means by which the disease has become widespread, and are to blame for the disease's presence in the portion of the population that does not practice homosexual sex or illicit drug use. S2 counters that there is little evidence for S1's claims and that their position is an attempt to scapegoat homosexuals for creating the conditions that have allowed AIDS to propogate.
