QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WJIVNCRGKMBHI1OVLHXGPF6S01X5L	A1FKDB1SJ3YL7A	1	S1:1 believes that all cases of HIV among women are spread by gay men or from women having had sex with either gay or bisexual men.  He feels this is the only way for women to get HIV from men despite the validity of reports that it is passed via other means as well.  He believes that the disease started in the gay community and that gays spread it to Straight America.  He maintains that this disease is spread among women only by having sex with gay or bi-sexual men because the disease was first found in the gay community.
S2:1 believes that there are a lot of ways women can contract HIV and they are in fact the largest group of new AIDS patients and the transmission of the disease is not limited merely to having sex with an infected person regardless of their sexual orientation.  He believes that the gay community is a scape goat for those that look for someone to blame as a reason for the disease entering society as a whole.  He believes and maintains that HIV is a virus that can and will make the rounds of all groups of people with no preference for any one group over another.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3YSS6F3EIOTDDXMDMHTJMITFIFOUW7	A3V8LMWV8GMRFB	1	S1 believes that homosexual activity is the cause of the HIV epidemic. HIV is predominantly spread by gay men and IV drug users.   Most women get HIV by having sex with bi-sexual men or IV drug users.  The epidemic started with homosexual men, and  homosexual men and IV drug users are responsible for the spread of the disease.  Mainstream heterosexuals primarily acquire HIV  by having sexual contact with IV drug users or bi-sexual men.
S2 contends that a high percentage of women contract HIV through sexual contact with men, so HIV is spread through heterosexual activity. He states that HIV a young disease, and cites CDC statistics showing cases among women are increasing. One cannot blame homosexuals because they had the most cases at the beginning of the epidemic.  HIV started primarily through heterosexual activity in Africa.  The population that the disease started with is not the issue.  The reason for the epidemic is not that homosexuals have chosen to express their sexuality. HIV is a virus and spreads among all groups of people.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3CQWD8D8FE0I7W9WG27N5V6R9ZB70F	A13MNUU64GPZ11	1	S1 feels that AIDS is rampant predominantly in and because of homosexual activity between two males and that it's spreading to women mostly by way of engaging sexually with bisexual men who have contracted it from infected male partners, and lesser so from needle-sharing among addicts. This person feels that homosexual activity has been the primary reason AIDS is spreading to all demographics, worldwide and that this statement is not based on a personal bias against homosexuality but on substantiated facts.82 

S2 believes that, regardless of the origins of AIDS being from mostly homosexual or heterosexual sexual activity, or needle-sharing among addicts, it is being spread equally because of irresponsible sexual activity and unsafe intravenous drug use; and that women are just as much at fault for the increase in AIDS infection as men, regardless of sexual orientation. S2 believes that S1 is prejudiced against homosexual males and because of this is using only the statistics among that specific group to lay blame for AIDS origins and effectiveness, instead of considering a broader, more us-as-a-whole viewpoint which would add partial responsibility to his own demographic.
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3W3CC6BP0B5HL0HZN5X196T7YKJVM6	A1FXXKSGZ7KVQI	1	S1 says that the CDC statistics show that with the exception of drug addicts, the risk of hetero women getting HIV infected from bisexual men is small. They also believe that absolution is the only surefire way to prevent infection. Bisexual men are contracting HIV from other men, so women are being affected from MSM. 
S2 argues that HIV infects 1/3 of women and also agrees that it is because of men having sex with women. The speaker also places primary blame on the MSM and bisexual men for infecting women. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3ZEN45ESCAUN1OUGT1TH32Z210WT9P	A1AZAC9CPBEP6K	1	S1 contends that HIV is a disease that can be predominatly blamed on the gay community. S1 believes that the true cause of the spread of HIV is due to bisexual men who have sex with gay men who are infected with HIV. S1 argues that the gay indivduals do not use condoms or protection and is the reason for the epidemic. Part of the result of that behavior as S1 explains is that is some of these men are bisexual and also have sex with women without protection, thus spreading the disease into the straight community. S1 thinks that bisexual and homosexual men are the root cause of HIV being an epidemic in society. 
S2 argues that the notion that homosexuals and bisexual men being the cause of HIV spreading in society among straight individuals is absurd. S2 contends that there is no proof that bisexual men with HIV having unprotected sex with women is the reason the disease exists in the straight community. S2 thinks that the most important issue regarding HIV isn’t about who’s to blame for it, but how to fix the problem.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3684IKBLVMPN3I2ZZ6C1MLI73ATVN6	ACDTQNYOT3GG8	1	S1 believes that HIV is mainly being spread by gay males and that gay males are at fault for the disease spreading
S2 believes that the number of women HIV cases are growing faster than those of male cases because the women aren't being responsible.
