QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VAMHTALYE5EXL9JYYX09SB8C16LG9	A2SS24O1E0M20H	1	S1: Men who have sex with men are not necessarily homosexuals, as male-on-male sex happens in prison and also between bisexual men. The risk for women to get HIV is much lower than men, unless they are drug addicts. Gay sex is dangerous because of HIV. Women get HIV because male-on-male sex has occurred in the past(s) of a male sex partner. HIV may have started in the gay community, but it propagated in the straight community. 
S2: HIV is a new disease, with women being more than 1/3 of new infections. Instances of women with HIV have increased from 1991 to 2001, with 75% of the cause of infection being sex. HIV is spread by men having sex with women, though it is uncertain where HIV originated. Women might contract HIV from a male sex partner who has had a male sex partner in his past, but it is uncertain. There is no evidence that this type of sexual contact is the leading cause of the spread of HIV.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DS0ISID21K8IQ8BIY111WJ3BX8Y2Y	A2LUK0NP8M20DR	1	S1 believes that HIV has originated from the gay community. He believes it can be passed to woman, only form a male what has had sex with another male who is infected. Or there is the possibility he received it from an infected needle. Although his main argument is it is very unlikely to obtain HIV from a heterosexual male. He seems to be very confident I. His ideals that it is only the gay community that produces aids and infects everyone else. He does not provided any proof, just his own opinion. 
P2 on the other hand provides many fact to prove that woman are just as likely as males to have, and spread HIV. He believes that it is not the gays community's fault for the spread of HIV, but the world as a whole. All people of all genders and sexual preference can be just as at fault. Over all P2 thinks no one should be single handedly blamed for the spread of HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KG6YBU0YGLKIMASY0A3B9MUWIN0V8	A2TSQKDCL70W14	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV and AIDS in heterosexual partnerships comes from Bi-sexual males. S1 points out women have a smaller risk contracting the disease from a heterosexual male, unless the male in question is a drug addict and has shared a needle with another bisexual or gay male. S1 then says that if you trace the origin of the infection through the partners, a bisexual male who has slept with a heterosexual woman will be the starting point.
S2 contends that since one-third of new HIV cases are women, it would be unfair to assume the male bisexual community as a scapegoat for the spread of HIV. S2 provides links to data backing this claim. In response to S1's example of tracing the origin of the disease through the partners, it is noted that it would still be impossible to figure out exactly where the infection started. S2 ends his argument that it doesn't matter where or with whom a disease started, the victim of a disease is still the victim of a disease.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WUHO7K1EBBTX1HLAHDIP3J56U5QBQ	A3B8XCAPX7XKZ4	1	S1 believes that the increase in HIV among women is caused, at its root, by homosexual and bisexual males. S1 believes that heterosexual men and women are at very low risk of catching HIV mainly because they are not homosexual. S1 contends that if the HIV virus does happen to spread to a woman it must be either through drug use and the sharing of dirty needles, or because she had sexual relations with a man who has had sex with other men. S1 argues that the gay community has been the original root cause of any and all HIV infections in the heterosexual female population.
S2 challenges the idea that homosexual or bisexual men are at fault when a heterosexual woman contracts the HIV virus. S2 contends that HIV is spread through unsafe, unprotected sex regardless of the sexual orientation of the partners involved. S2 makes the point that new HIV infections among women are on the rise and believes that this cannot be blamed on the gay male community. S2 believes that HIV is a virus that spreads through all communities now and women are at high risk of unsafe sex with any partner, not just a male partner who has had sexual relations with another man. 
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	32PQUF8Q75XIIX5MJV3T0OIO50IDCH	A1VV3MLC2YGZBT	1	S1 believes that HIV is predominately spread by homosexual men. However he explains that the disease presently affects women too. He describes the origin of HIV in women as: women engaging in sex with men who are carriers of the disease that contracted it by having sex with another man. Sharing dirty needles while using drugs is another way women contract HIV. Therefore having heterosexual relations has become unsafe because of the circulation of HIV from bisexuals and MSMs, which S1 firmly believes originated within the gay community.

S2 suggests that the HIV disease is still young and will continue to grow and provides statistics that prove women make up almost one-third of recent HIV infections. According to S2 HIV is spread by men having sex with woman, therefore it is a risk to all types of people. He explains that a certain “group” such as homosexuals cannot be held responsible for a disease, and we are unaware of its origin. So ultimately we cannot use any specific group as a scapegoat for the circulation of HIV.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3XA0S6CIVC027130BHK8WU0CQOXEE5	A182WKCHDF8YQY	1	S1 believes that AIDS was and still is being spread among men in the gay community and that women who contract the disease do so by having sex with heterosexual junkies and sharing needles with HIV infected people.  He does not believe that AIDS can be considered a mainstream disease among straight people at this time.  He states that the disease began with homosexual men in the gay community and bisexual men are now spreading the disease to heterosexual women making heterosexual relationships at risk for AIDS as well.  In addition, he contends that the main cause of HIV among heterosexuals is through transfers of blood from needles, sex with a drug addict or MSM.

S2 disputes that AIDS is still a young disease and North America will inherently see an increase in the disease among heterosexual women and men. He accuses the other writer of looking for a scapegoat and is blaming the gay community in an attempt to relieve heterosexual relationships from being held responsible for the spread of the disease.  S2 believes that the origin of the disease is unknown and therefore no one particular group can be held responsible for the spread of the disease and states that the CDC cites that women are at risk for the disease by having sex with a man who is infected; that it's not just a disease among homosexual men. He argues that AIDS is a virus that continues to spread among all groups of people.
