QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VAMHTALYE5EXL9JYYX09SB8C16LG9	A2SS24O1E0M20H	1	S1: Men who have sex with men are not necessarily homosexuals, as male-on-male sex happens in prison and also between bisexual men. The risk for women to get HIV is much lower than men, unless they are drug addicts. Gay sex is dangerous because of HIV. Women get HIV because male-on-male sex has occurred in the past(s) of a male sex partner. HIV may have started in the gay community, but it propagated in the straight community. 
S2: HIV is a new disease, with women being more than 1/3 of new infections. Instances of women with HIV have increased from 1991 to 2001, with 75% of the cause of infection being sex. HIV is spread by men having sex with women, though it is uncertain where HIV originated. Women might contract HIV from a male sex partner who has had a male sex partner in his past, but it is uncertain. There is no evidence that this type of sexual contact is the leading cause of the spread of HIV.  

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DS0ISID21K8IQ8BIY111WJ3BX8Y2Y	A2LUK0NP8M20DR	1	S1 believes that HIV has originated from the gay community. He believes it can be passed to woman, only form a male what has had sex with another male who is infected. Or there is the possibility he received it from an infected needle. Although his main argument is it is very unlikely to obtain HIV from a heterosexual male. He seems to be very confident I. His ideals that it is only the gay community that produces aids and infects everyone else. He does not provided any proof, just his own opinion. 
P2 on the other hand provides many fact to prove that woman are just as likely as males to have, and spread HIV. He believes that it is not the gays community's fault for the spread of HIV, but the world as a whole. All people of all genders and sexual preference can be just as at fault. Over all P2 thinks no one should be single handedly blamed for the spread of HIV.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3KG6YBU0YGLKIMASY0A3B9MUWIN0V8	A2TSQKDCL70W14	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV and AIDS in heterosexual partnerships comes from Bi-sexual males. S1 points out women have a smaller risk contracting the disease from a heterosexual male, unless the male in question is a drug addict and has shared a needle with another bisexual or gay male. S1 then says that if you trace the origin of the infection through the partners, a bisexual male who has slept with a heterosexual woman will be the starting point.
S2 contends that since one-third of new HIV cases are women, it would be unfair to assume the male bisexual community as a scapegoat for the spread of HIV. S2 provides links to data backing this claim. In response to S1's example of tracing the origin of the disease through the partners, it is noted that it would still be impossible to figure out exactly where the infection started. S2 ends his argument that it doesn't matter where or with whom a disease started, the victim of a disease is still the victim of a disease.  
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3WUHO7K1EBBTX1HLAHDIP3J56U5QBQ	A3B8XCAPX7XKZ4	1	S1 believes that the increase in HIV among women is caused, at its root, by homosexual and bisexual males. S1 believes that heterosexual men and women are at very low risk of catching HIV mainly because they are not homosexual. S1 contends that if the HIV virus does happen to spread to a woman it must be either through drug use and the sharing of dirty needles, or because she had sexual relations with a man who has had sex with other men. S1 argues that the gay community has been the original root cause of any and all HIV infections in the heterosexual female population.
S2 challenges the idea that homosexual or bisexual men are at fault when a heterosexual woman contracts the HIV virus. S2 contends that HIV is spread through unsafe, unprotected sex regardless of the sexual orientation of the partners involved. S2 makes the point that new HIV infections among women are on the rise and believes that this cannot be blamed on the gay male community. S2 believes that HIV is a virus that spreads through all communities now and women are at high risk of unsafe sex with any partner, not just a male partner who has had sexual relations with another man. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3AJJ9KE6AEI0R7R6W72RPSE0606AS5	ADJ7VXYCR9R5T	1	S1 believes that the spread of HIV (and subsequent AIDS development) is not a "mainstream 'straight' disease" and is predominately spread by men having sex with other men (MSM), mostly bisexual and gay men. In the dialogue, S1 contends that even if women are getting HIV also, gay men are the 'origin' of HIV. Men spreading HIV to women is a lesser issue in S1's view, because the disease did not originate with women.

S2 contends that the first writer is using MSM as a scapegoat for the cause of HIV simply because he disagrees with how they express their sexuality. One fact S2 touts is that HIV is a relatively new disease and the CDC has shown that nearly one third of new HIV infections. Heterosexual couples must take proper precautions because they have a responsibility to each other to keep each other disease-free, even if the disease did not originate with them. Finally, S2 states that there is no evidence saying women who partner with MSM have a higher risk of contracting HIV.

