QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3591FRTU1QBW2YLTWNT9DYLD4WCTFY	A1JKXJ8OSXAZLM	1	ok
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3J2XP74HQQJSQFSZ0CJMKO1DH4D4JH	A7W4CJ36FBX0N	1	S1 argues that gay or multisexual men,and men who are IV drug users are predominantly responsible for the spread of AIDs.  He feels that it mostly spreads to women and the heterosexual community through those men who engage in risky behaviors.
S2 believes that how AIDs started is irrelevant ,because it has spread beyond any specific community.  He feels that it is the disease that needs to be fought, not the entire groups of people associated with those who first contracted it.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3BGB8J6PR14ERNCTWZHWDFSR4LWI51	A20HBLXCTOG7MI	1	match
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33BC2PE8CKTHR35D0Q8JSC79BDFWCT	A343DCRTGQUY30	1	e CDC's distinction of males having sex with males doesn't mean that they're gay ? Minimally , they're bisexual . And , if you recall , we were talking about male children , as in " my son " . No , the CDC statistics show that the risk of women  6 Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections Usually by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3EC3DF2TXAJM7AEFQ7ZTJV2MKIJ08V	AGXQ6XNWLMVJI	1	The CDC here distinguishes if males having sex with males doesn't mean whther they are gay or not.  Generally they are bisexual, with an emphasis on my son.  This is not the case, the case is that the risk of women getting HIV from hetero males is small, except for drug addicts.  After stating this, other comments make good points.  One of these points is that the HIV leak has an unknown origin.  Another comment is that a victim of a disease is a victim, and can be treated as so. Discussion of the risk of a woman partnering with an MSM continues to show interest.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3RHBL9Y9XPK22P2O1DLX2JSTA8OTYJ	A2EGLHKBZQDDA9	1	x with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people . It can't be argued that it's a mainstream " straight " disease by any stretch of the imagination .
S2:2 - It's being spread by men having sex with women . None of your data disproves that fact .
S1:3 - Usually by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men , that is . You like to omit salient facts in your argument .
S2:3 - You should take off the blinders and learn to read more carefully . Your data only said they MAY contact it from a man who had sex with another man . Even if it were usually from men who first aquired it from other men , it is still being spread by men having sex with women . I am not omitting anything . You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity . It's similar to Mary getting a disease from a parnter John , and John and Mary blaming the person and the activity which gave him the disease , saying that he Mary and their activity isn't really to blame , just because they contracted the disease from John and Mary's activity . They had no need to use a condom , and it's not John or Mary's fault for not involving a condom in their activity .
S1:4 - If you want to find the source of a leak , you don't look at the end of the pipe , do you ? Wouldn't you trace the pipe back to its origin ? The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ... etc. , etc. , Now , I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today , even having heterosexual relations isn't safe . But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community , not straight America . Straight America has acquired HIV tangentially to the main cause , either through transfers of blood from needles or via sex with a high risk partner , namely drug addict or MSM .
S2:4 - We do not know where the original leak of HIV started . Yes , it's easy for you to scapegoat a certain group you do
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3J74MIF0S3XIO2DC9UHCLT0TNV138T	ARX0S1CIDJLOX	1	S1 posits that homosexual men are responsible for the spread of HIV/AIDS. S1 asserts that HIV spread through the male homosexual population first, and heterosexual people only began to contract the disease from sex or sharing needles with high-risk partners who got HIV/AIDS from homosexual sex. Since homosexual sex, specifically the act of sodomy, is inherently dangerous because it is more likely to lead to HIV/AIDS, men who have sex with men are behaving irresponsibly.
S2 argues that as HIV/AIDS is still a young disease and there isn't yet an accurate picture of what populations it affects most, and shares statistics to show that more women are beginning to contract it. S2 says that if unprotected sex led to infection, heterosexual partners are as culpable as any previous unprotected homosexual partners. As the disease has affected all kinds of people, S2 believes it is of little consequence how it began, but that it's unfair to vilify homosexual men because of prejudice rather than fact when all people are at some risk.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	351ZKFAD8ARP0J4W3IUWV4K7HSUGRQ	A3V449464V559E	1	S1 expressed that the CDC doesn't automatically place males having sex with males in the gay category. S1 goes on to discuss the CDC’s statistics that show the risk of women getting HIV from heterosexual males is minor.  S1 believes nothing is as safe as abstention.
S2 states that HIV is still a “young disease” and that women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections.
S1 believes that S2 is trying to avoid the issue at hand; women are mainly contracting HIV by having sex with bisexual men, having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV, or sharing needles with HIV infected individuals.
S2 believes HIV is spread mostly by men having sex with women, while S1 believes it’s usually by men who acquired it from having sex with other men.
S2 states that the initial outbreak is unknown.  He believes that all victims suffer from the same disease, and we should not blame one sexual community, alone, for the HIV outbreak. S1 still maintains the belief that the outbreak went into full swing with the gay community.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3DYYL2GU4FLD39XV3JQGQYMZ7VZL3W	A1D4RC6K6Y5KAV	1	S1 believes that according to the CDC gay men are responsible for the spread of AIDS and that it doesn’t matter if they identify as gay or bisexual. He argues the AIDS epidemic started in the gay community and is primarily a gay disease. S1 further feels that heterosexual women have been widely affected by men who had sex with other men, or men who identify as bisexual, or men who abused drugs, shared needles and or participated in high risk sex.   

S2 contends the CDC isn’t positive where or when the AIDS epidemic started. S2 also feels that to point the finger at the male gay community as being responsible for the epidemic is premature and unfounded. S2 sites CDC statistics from 1992 to 2003 illustrating how AIDS infections have risen among women. S2 argues that the infection increase in women is due to heterosexual couples not using protection during sex.  Finally, S2 believes victims of the AIDS disease are not defined by their sexuality but by their sexual responsibility while performing sexual acts.


3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3VKQB4Y1M1F7MYJQXCTLTH7W6N8BKB	A1EDGCFMMXQ6Y	1	S1 believes that the HIV virus has spread into the straight population mainly because of homosexuals.  They say women would only contract the disease if they slept with a man who had previously slept with another man who has the disease.  Other ways to contract the disease would be from dirty needles but S1 also believes this to come from the homosexual community.  S1 admits the disease is now being spread by heterosexuals but only because they first acquired it from a homosexual or bisexual partner.

S2 believes you cannot prove indefinitely that the HIV virus is coming strictly from the homosexual community.  S2 refers to data that shows HIV increasing among women.  They say it's being spread by women having sex with men and it does not matter how the man contracted the disease in the first place.  They say it doesn't matter where the disease originated from but simply that the disease is being spread by all parties.  S2 implies that S1 is prejudice against homosexuals by stating they started the spread of the disease when S1 cannot prove that with facts.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3K8C8OPASOUAYY53DU32GTTPHMRNPC	AMU1MSTM4FO7Z	1	S1 believes that men who have sex with men are bisexual.  He also believes that to avoid a disease, don’t have sex. He believes that disease is being spread by men having sex with women. S1 explains that to find the source of a problem you have to look back through its history. S1 upholds that disease was first found in the gay community. Stating “Straight America” acquired disease through needle sharing or sex with drug addicts or MSM. He believes disease went rapid in the gay community. Making gays the reason of disease. 
S2 believes that women have a rising number in those infected. S2 explains that everyone who is not abstaining from sex is to blame for contracting disease and the origin of disease is unknown. S2 states that S1 dislikes a certain group and wants to place blame on them. S2 refutes that a certain group is the cause of disease and empathize no matter how contracted.  Lastly there is no proof of disease effecting women who partner with a MSM.


3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	36CJJZT9IJ85GXX4P2N3O2BXXH81BY	A1FBBY2JJYRMRI	1	S1 continues throughout to say that the spreading of HIV is to be traced back to homosexual men. Even after S2 shows that rates are rising in women, S1 continues to insist that it should still be attributed to gay and bisexual men. S1 states that the "floodgates opened up in the gay community."
S2 shows that it is not just gay and bisexual men carrying HIV. The rates of HIV in women continues to rise, and there are many factors leading to this. S2 states that the disease continues to spread in all groups, not just among the homosexual men.
