QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3W3CC6BP0B5HL0HZN5X196T7YKJVM6	A1FXXKSGZ7KVQI	1	S1 says that the CDC statistics show that with the exception of drug addicts, the risk of hetero women getting HIV infected from bisexual men is small. They also believe that absolution is the only surefire way to prevent infection. Bisexual men are contracting HIV from other men, so women are being affected from MSM. 
S2 argues that HIV infects 1/3 of women and also agrees that it is because of men having sex with women. The speaker also places primary blame on the MSM and bisexual men for infecting women. 
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3ZEN45ESCAUN1OUGT1TH32Z210WT9P	A1AZAC9CPBEP6K	1	S1 contends that HIV is a disease that can be predominatly blamed on the gay community. S1 believes that the true cause of the spread of HIV is due to bisexual men who have sex with gay men who are infected with HIV. S1 argues that the gay indivduals do not use condoms or protection and is the reason for the epidemic. Part of the result of that behavior as S1 explains is that is some of these men are bisexual and also have sex with women without protection, thus spreading the disease into the straight community. S1 thinks that bisexual and homosexual men are the root cause of HIV being an epidemic in society. 
S2 argues that the notion that homosexuals and bisexual men being the cause of HIV spreading in society among straight individuals is absurd. S2 contends that there is no proof that bisexual men with HIV having unprotected sex with women is the reason the disease exists in the straight community. S2 thinks that the most important issue regarding HIV isn’t about who’s to blame for it, but how to fix the problem.

3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3684IKBLVMPN3I2ZZ6C1MLI73ATVN6	ACDTQNYOT3GG8	1	S1 believes that HIV is mainly being spread by gay males and that gay males are at fault for the disease spreading
S2 believes that the number of women HIV cases are growing faster than those of male cases because the women aren't being responsible.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33BC2PE8CKTHR35D0Q8JSC79BFHCWF	AQV468FB908WI	1	S1 believes that HIV has spread to women and across all ethnic and racial groups as a result of homosexual or bisexual males having sexual contact with women and a wide group of people.  S1 thinks that the way to figure out how the disease started is to start at the beginning in which the disease first broke out to find out which types of people originally had the disease.  S1 concludes that the epidemic started strictly within the gay community.
S2 insists that HIV was not spread solely by homosexual males and believes that S1 is narrow-minded and biased against homosexuals because S1 does not like that particular group.  In addition, S2 has noted that HIV is increasing every year among women and that the disease can be contracted by using infected needles for drug use.  S2 concludes that it does not matter who had the disease originally but that it is important for all types of people to protect themselves properly against HIV.  S1 and S2 both agreed that it HIV contraction is not completely due to MSM.
QualificationTypeId	QualificationRequestId	SubjectId	Answer
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	35OM088MFO6YTRLS3RCY2E2C1Z7ZZR	A12EU7P50BDSWH	1	S2 is arguing that women are getting HIV due to typical heterosexual relationships. S2 shows data that HIV infections in women are rising, and that we may have not seen enough of the disease to conclude which gender spreads the infection more. S2 claims S1 ignores the data presented, and is attacking a sexual stance (homosexuality) that S1 does not like. S2 feels that the vectors of a disease (ways of transmission) should be looked at, not just the initial population (in this case, homosexual men). 
S1 argues that HIV is spread primarily through homosexual sex. S1 feels that the rates of women rising are not just a result of the disease changing how it spreads, but rather women having sex with bisexual men. S1 accuses S2 of ignoring parts of their own evidence, and points out that the women who are becoming infected are having sex with men who engage in homosexual relationships, so that is the source of HIV spreading. S1 feels that S2 should look at the source of the disease more.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	3YHXVLAOIHTVQQGWB9N1BMJ9DHWZDR	AVC62JNYAXA45	1	S1 believes that it is very rare for HIV to spread via heterosexual encounters, and points to gay/bisexual men and drug users as the main causes for the spread of the disease. Even heterosexuals who contract the disease can likely trace the infection back to a drug user or bisexual in their sexual history. He claims that as a result of this, HIV cannot be viewed as a "straight" disease, and the infection of heterosexuals is tangential to the main cause which is the gay community.
S2 points out that HIV is a relatively new disease, and that the rate of HIV infection is now increasing among women. He objects to the use of any one group, like homosexuals, as a scapegoat for the disease and suggests that portraying straight sex as safer may lead to further spread of HIV due to heterosexuals not taking necessary precautions to prevent infection. He also contends that HIV victims should be seen as such regardless of sexual orientation, and that effects are more relevant than the causes.
3VIW7BLKQEPL6MLJCV0GKC6OI7G7PZ	33GY92BS3MFSK3ZT8KKTJR6WJH9Q1Z	A1TWZEOYQV4LGI	1	S1 maintains that abstinence is the best policy for avoiding HIV, and that males having sex with males makes them bisexual and not gay. S1 also contends that (per the CDC), risks of getting HIV from heterosexual males is slim, unless they are drug addicts. The increased statistic of women carrying HIV comes from the sex with drug users or bi-sexual men, and that the disease became widespread within the gay and drug-using communities.

S2 contends that the highest number of carriers of HIV is women, and that the number is increasing exponentially over the years. S2 cites the CDC in saying that women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks is risky for women, and that the actions can not be traced back to a specified group.

S2 believes that women are more to blame for the spread of the disease, where S1 attributes the spread of the disease to bisexual and drug-using men.
