
----------
D0
----------
S1 asserts that the characters Bert and Ernie from Sesame Street are not homosexual partners. 
S1 suggests that homosexuals cannot understand how two men can be close without engaging in homosexual acts. 
S1 compares using Bert and Ernie as homosexual icons to using Kermit and Miss Piggy as a symbol for interspecies relationships. 
S1 argues that it is unfair for homosexuals to claim that they aren't sexual deviants
Homosexuals are projecting deviant sex onto children's programs. 
S1 claims that homosexuals engage in deviant sexual practices
Homosexuals are attempting to project these behaviors onto Bert and Ernie under the pretense of them being married. 

S1 also claims that once same-sex marriage is legalized, it is possible that straight men will marry each other in order to gain some unspecified advantages.

S2 asserts that the argument currently being discussed is regarding marriage
The argument is not about sexual behaviors of married couples. 
S2 claims that it is possible to represent two characters as homosexual without invoking sexual behaviors 
S2 compares this to portraying heterosexual characters without being sexually explicit.


----------
D1
----------
S1 believes that Bert and Ernie are just two men who are really good friends
Bert and Ernie happen to live together. 
S1 feels that the homosexual deviants want to see Bert and Ernie as gay
S1 is sickened by the hypocrisy of them saying that they don't feel that way. 
S1 feels that Kermit and Miss Piggy are not portrayed as being sexually active.
Calling Bert and Ernie gay would automatically mean that they were. 
If gay marriage was legalized straight men would find it to their advantage to get married to other men for the benefits. 

S2 refutes that he wants Bert and Ernie to be gay.
S2 refutes that he had never said anything like that.
S2 refutes that S1 should look at the false fallacy paradox that was mentioned earlier. 
S2 feels that S1 has a dirty mind. 
S1 said that Bert and ernie to be gay was what S2 had thought.
S2 points that it was S1 who brought up sexual topics in the first place. 
S2 refutes that he wanted anything to do with a sexual relationship on a kids program. 
S2 just wanted that there could be married couples on Sesame Street, straight or gay. 
There wouldn't have to be any mention of sexual situations.


----------
D2
----------
S1 doesn't believe that Bert and Ernie are homosexual.
S1 believes that homosexuals cannot understand that two men can be close friends without desiring sex with each other. 
S1 believes that it wasn't the creators' intentions for it to be taken that way. 
S1 believes homosexuals want to interject what S1 believes to be deviant sexual practices into children's programming. 
S1 believes there is no distinction between homosexuality and sexual relations.
S1 believes one cannot be homosexual without practicing intercourse with one's own gender. 
S1 believes that when people discuss homosexual marriage, they are trying to disguise deviant sexual activity by marriage.
S2 argues against S1 by stating that heterosexual marriages can be portrayed without sexual relations being alluded to or mentioned. 
S2 believes that heterosexuals and homosexuals can discuss marriage without needing to get into sexual activity.
S2 doesn't agree that when one discusses marriage that they are also trying to discuss sexual activity.


----------
D3
----------
S1 believes that S2 wants Bert and Ernie to be gay. 
S1 believes that this will sexualize them to children.
S1 believes gay men engage in "deviant" sexual behavior. 
S1 argues that you could have Bert and Ernie be straight and get married.
This will not sexualize Bert and Ernie. 
S1 states that S2 wants Bert and Ernie to be described to children as engaging in deviant sexual behavior under the guise of "married".

S2 points out that the show is a work of fiction 
S2 points out that S2 merely said marriage. 
S1  brought sex acts into the equation. 
S2 states that straight people are portrayed to children.
It has nothing to do with their sex life. 
He merely thinks that having two male characters who are married will help support gay inclusion.


----------
D4
----------
S1 finds the argument that Bert and Ernie could be homosexuals extremely offensive.
S1 argues that characters created for children's programs should not be sexualized at all. 
This leads into the topic of gay marriage and gay sex.
S1 labels gay marriage and gay sex as deviant.  
S1 questions whether two straight men would marry simply for the benefits of marriage if same sex marriage was legalized.  
S1 accuses S2 and other homosexuals of wanting Bert and Ernie to have a same sex marriage.
Bert and Ernie having a same sex marriage would include "playing with their genitals".

S2 never comes out and says he believes Bert and Ernie are gay.
S2 argues for them to be allowed to be in a same sex relationship.
Throughout S2's arguments S2 differentiates between the relationship and sexual behaviors.  
S2 mentions other relationships in children's programs like Kermit and Miss Piggy.
S2 mentions the lack of sexualization when dealing with couples of the opposite sex.  
S2 refutes S1's claims that men will marry.
Men already can marry women.
Men would not have to get into a same sex relationship to get the benefits of marriage.

