
----------
D0
----------
S1 replies to Matthew that  legal and legislative processes  need to take place to determine civil rights.
Legal and legislative processes need to take place to legislators and elected officials. 
Matthew had asked about voting on his civil rights.
The people of our country  are all required to vote in order for change to take place. 
He notes that this process has happened before. 
Protesting had made a difference, but not until enough people had gotten on board with the issue. 
He feels that this process has to be there in some form to determine the status of civil rights and how those rights are expressed.
   S2 feels that by explaining how legislation works in this country S1 has moved the topic away from the question Matthew had asked. 
   He does not feel that the people voting on laws, legislators voting on laws, or the people electing politicians, are the same thing. 
   He takes issue with S1 derailing the topic away from the question. 
   He takes further issue with the idea that the masses should be allowed to vote on civil rights issues, calling this stupid and wrong. 
   He feels that if a group's civil rights need protecting, then they need protecting from the group doing the voting. 
   He believes that if the power of the government can be used to fight evil and prejudice than it should be.


----------
D1
----------
S1 feels that issues involving legislative movements are decided by society. 
Though the legislature votes on national issues, the power of the citizens is what grants or denies civil rights legislation. 
He feels the hot issue right now involves gay marriage.
The outcome of that issue will be a voting matter. 
According to him, society determines its own standards. 
It is not possible to make gay marriage civil rights matter. 
Legal marriage cannot just be handed out to any group that calls for it.
 Society determines the facts and acts reasonably and accordingly to the facts given about the issue.

S2 feels that civil rights issues should not be left up to society, especially if that society is the main deterrent in approving a group's rights.  
He states that the government should be the force behind protecting citizens' rights against the hatred and bigotry of the masses. 
The government has involved itself in civil rights issues in the past.
The government should step up to defend gay rights when it comes to legal marriage.


----------
D2
----------
S1 claims that any legislative movement requires the support of the people to be successful. 
He suggests that the legal decisions about important issues involve not just the legislature, but national debates and protests. 
He argues that this same process is now occurring over gay rights.
People voting on laws is how the legal system works in order to allow society to determine its own standards. 
He claims that there is no problem with marriage being redefined to include same-sex couples.
This change of definition must occur through the official process. 
S2 accuses S1 of shifting off topic to the voting process and how the legislature works.
S1 claims that the legal intricacies are irrelevant. 
He claims that allowing the general public to determine civil rights is wrong. 
If a group needs protecting it is the government's job to do so.
He cites instances in the past where the government has taken a stand against bigotry. 
He argues that just because something is currently legal doesn't mean that it isn't wrong.


----------
D3
----------
S1 believes that protesting can make a difference if enough people group together to voice their opinion. 
They point out that despite protesting, change would not be brought about unless the will of the people was not desiring that change. 
They believe this is how the system works.
Any legislation is a matter of voters.
The will of elected officials should reflect what the voters desire. 
They believe that the true reason behind the ballot initiatives is to determine whether or not giving legal marriage to whatever group arrangement is in question is a civil right in the first place.
S2 believes that there is a difference between voters voting on laws and legislators voting on laws. 
They do not believe that it is a good thing to allow the majority vote on civil rights issues. 
If a minority needs protecting, it will need protection most from the majority that is trying their best to keep them down. 
They do not believe society should be allowed to be bigoted.


----------
D4
----------
S1 and S2 are discussing the political processes that may lead to gay marriage.  
S2 is of the opinion that society and government failure to recognize gay marriage. To provide it equal protection is a civil rights violation.
Civil rights violations are being carried out against a minority group.
S2 implicitly suggests that it should be protected under the Constitution by the Courts.  
S1 on the other hand believes the issue is one that needs to spend time in the public awareness and consideration.
The issue should be realized over time in the results of various political processes. For example election results, initiatives in State legislatures and ballot initiatives.  
S2 complains that this is obfuscation. 
It is an attempt by S1 to avoid the rights violation issue.  
S2 disagrees and notes that just calling something a violation or stupid or wrong doesn't advance the process. 
S2 defies S1 to draw appropriate lines on where to draw the line in regards to protection of other less acceptable group intimate relationships.  
S2 asserts that the government has protected minorities against bigotry in the past.

